He battles the
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So we begin in the rapidly brightening Predon light, hovering on the skieship Vindra Sharna. no more than 40 miles from the borders of the orclands.
Timothy Sackton: Ahead of you you can see a river cutting through the desert, slow and muddy, and on the western banks the ground is rocky and barren, but the eastern banks
Timothy Sackton: stretch into the distance an irrigated plane on which cattle grays and a colorful watchtower rises above the plano. I forgot I had a
Timothy Sackton: There we go.
Timothy Sackton: This, you surmise, must be the land of the Orcs that you are seeking.
Timothy Sackton: It's been a long, 48 h since you left the plans of Dunbar. Hundreds of miles to the east. The trips passed in a blur, a quick rest to set down well and so and seeker switch a tune into the phasing stone
Timothy Sackton: so you can fly 20 plus hours a day. The slowly changing landscape from plains to rocky deserts. the cold winds of skies thousands of feet above the plains.
Timothy Sackton: Our seeker pushes the skyship higher and higher.
Timothy Sackton: From Taoist magic you catch glimpses of others on the plains near Tokra, Sarah prepares to march.
readying our troops for battle. Ho! To our side.
Timothy Sackton: now carrying a spear in place of the curse sword he once bore
Timothy Sackton: Sara rides among the troops, speaking to them softly, reminding those who would fight with her that the fire of Alger's spear is with them.
Timothy Sackton: To the South Korea's army grows with each passing day during the march across the desert. Crash seems to have gathered small groups of wandering orcs to him here and there.
Timothy Sackton: and they now flock to his banner. They march, march tirelessly, although not with anything like the speed of
Timothy Sackton: Vindra Sharna, that you can fly. You now seem to be a few days ahead of the army.
Timothy Sackton: despite leaving the plants of Dun Mar. Some days after Grash left Carson.
Timothy Sackton: Codmos and his companions continue to march alongside the army, if somewhat apart from them. And this morning
Timothy Sackton: Del West sees something new.
Timothy Sackton: 3 more humans joining Cadmos 2 men who look nearly identical with scruffy black hair and beards, one wearing a breast dented breastplate and carrying a lungbow.
Timothy Sackton: and the other wearing plate armor and carrying a sword and shield.
and with them a woman in her 50 S. Wearing a dust-stained cloak over simple traveling clothes, carrying nothing Cadmus greets them, gesturing for silence as they approach.
and then looking up
Timothy Sackton: at your scrying sensor and giving a short bow in your direction.
Timothy Sackton: Now you are gathered for breakfast, and to make your plans
Timothy Sackton: as the arc lands are only a half an hour away as the skyship flies.
Kate Sackton: How far away would you say the Orc army is from them like? Would they be aware of it if they have some sort of scouting system in place that would have like relays, and
Kate Sackton: presumably it's like
Timothy Sackton: probably 2 days march
Mike Sackton: 3 days march.
Mike Sackton: Where are we? Exactly. Also on the map?
Mike Sackton: You are like how far east
Mike Sackton: you are like here. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: maybe here, somewhere along this river.
Timothy Sackton: This river here is presumably the muddy river that you see in front of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which one is the muddy river.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: you are. You think, far enough away from this watch tower that
Timothy Sackton: the skyship is probably not super obvious, but of course it's also a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 200 foot long flying rocks, so
Timothy Sackton: if you can see them. They might also be able to see you.
Timothy Sackton: You have been staying out of sight of Gosh's army.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we? Do we fly over a gospel's army, or see it. No, you've been flying north of Gosh's army.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we know where it is from the string? I mean
Timothy Sackton: Probably it's in sandier, or dry or desert, so probably south of you. You don't know exactly where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when, when dulles scries, do we all see it, or is it like he's seeing it in his mind's eye.
Timothy Sackton: You know he sees it in his
Timothy Sackton: bowl of silver water, or whatever, and then relays the image to you so we can't see it. No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: basically what I'm wondering is if I can soul site through stride.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: sorry this is out of this is not. This is out of game. But did we do we have another game on the calendar?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no, yes, maybe we should see that seeker. If Eric's gonna like fall asleep shouldn't. We schedule something before he vanishes. It's cool. Did call him. That is a good call.
Mike Sackton: I mean to disrupt the well. Yeah, yeah, no, no, that's that's a good call.
Timothy Sackton: I know. Let's see
Timothy Sackton: something like
Timothy Sackton: the 20 first. What is what are People's schedules like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20? First, I maybe i'll be in Miami that morning, and i'm not sure where i'll be that even
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I make it at the Boston that by then. But i'm not sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2020 s. I could know.
Eric Rosenbaum: The
UU Church of Boulder: only second is out for me but 20, fourth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20, fourth, I cannot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to be in Washington.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20 first is possible, though I mean, I I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would likely be flying back to Boston that day. So that evening probably it probably wouldn't be okay.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe we put that tentative and try and come up with a backup. I mean I it would be. June is probably going to be a mess, because Mike and I are both go on vacation, and not
Timothy Sackton: at the same time. I'm guessing. July is probably going to be a mess for everybody. For a variety of reasons. It would be very useful for me to have some vague sense of how many sessions we're going to fit in before the
Timothy Sackton: New Hampshire weekend in particular, because I don't really think I I don't think it's fair to Kate to have the
Timothy Sackton: climactic final of the garage arc
Timothy Sackton: when she's in New Hampshire without R. So that means. If we have some sense of how many sessions there are, then I could we either could finish that and do the next start there, or we might have to just not play the main campaign in New Hampshire and do something else.
Timothy Sackton: My preference would be to try and fit in a few extra. You know enough sessions that we might be able to finish the arc. But I don't know how realistic that is with people's calendars. It's just gonna take about right now.
Mike Sackton: Mathematical
Eric Rosenbaum: just turns to turn the skyship south. Just go for it. That's what i'm talking about.
Mike Sackton: Go to crash right now. Just crash the into garage. You can't possibly survive a skyship. Following what I said
Kate Sackton: it's.
Kate Sackton: This is very bizarre to pause and make. Wow! It worked at the Wizard of Oz. I know how much you haven't lost those books. But yeah, I mean, I think I think I potentially could play on the 20 first. Okay, Well, let's i'm putting the twenty-first in the calendar, and then we'll
Timothy Sackton: But can we put an can we have another one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about what about the weekend memorial day weekend like 2627, 2029.
Mike Sackton: That's gonna be tough from
me.
Timothy Sackton: When are you leaving for
Timothy Sackton: vacation? Make
Mike Sackton: the ninth
UU Church of Boulder: of
Mike Sackton: June the 20 fourth.
Timothy Sackton: So we basically will not be able to play from.
Timothy Sackton: We're not going to be able to play in June because Aid and I are on vacation from the 20 s to July. Fifth
Kate Sackton: man we didn't. What about the first? The first week in June, so we could do the first weekend in June, but if we could I mean
Timothy Sackton: one through 7 it would be I I mean, if there's any chance of us playing main campaign in New Hampshire, we probably need to be able to do 2 sessions
Timothy Sackton: before the ninth.
Kate Sackton: So like the 20 first, and the 20 first and the second, or something like that
Mike Sackton: I mean I I don't have a lot of other than I'm weighing my other game.
Mike Sackton: my in-person d and d game on Memorial Day weekend, and Dan is having his birthday party.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but we do. We don't know when that is, do we? We don't know when it is right, but we need those 2 things. It's going to be too much, I think, for me to try and to play it. I can't really play. D, indeed, 2 days in a row.
Mike Sackton: but i'm otherwise pretty flexible. So if there's a day like any I I can't do anything too like I couldn't play the eighth.
Mike Sackton: What about the second, but, like the second, would probably what is the second like for people? I think that would be fine. I'm. I'm in the winds that we can, unfortunately.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Second, third, fourth.
UU Church of Boulder: What about the first?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can do the first.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I could do the first.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So I've got the
Timothy Sackton: I've got the 20 first, and the first
Timothy Sackton: that gives us
Timothy Sackton: 2 sessions.
Timothy Sackton: Try to admit it. One session in July.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, not necessarily planning things out. But yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean i'm pretty flexible from starting from July
Timothy Sackton: sixth or something. But does anybody have trips? I know? Obviously Schwartz is going to
Timothy Sackton: New Hampshire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is our thing.
Mike Sackton: The thing is the 27 through the 20 ninth of July, I should put that into my calendar probably
Timothy Sackton: i'll send out invites for all of these things I I but is there a do people have travel that would make playing
Timothy Sackton: sometime between July the seventh and July 20 first and possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to be in Spain definitely the weekend of like 1415, 16, July
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, probably a couple days before that, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So kind of around that that weekend is not going to be great. 1415, 16. That weekend is not good.
Mike Sackton: I mean. I'm going to have some constraints around when Zachary is going to camp.
Mike Sackton: but like that, this the second weekend in July like this. But the 8 ninth is 17, and the week the week of the ninth.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we need to. I don't I
Mike Sackton: We could try something between the seventh and the twelfth.
Mike Sackton: I mean. I need to. I can't. I don't know exactly. I'm sure I can make something work. I need to figure out what I'm coming to
Mike Sackton: that so like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 7 to 12 works for me.
Mike Sackton: I can't, so we should be able to.
Timothy Sackton: It seems probable that we can play 3 sessions after tonight before New Hampshire. Okay, that's useful planning. Let's see how tonight goes, and then i'll adjust, based on that.
Timothy Sackton: And we've got the 20 first. And is there. Is there a backup like could.
Well, we'll just play it by ear. Well, we can reschedule by text if we need to. If Kong Isn't is still going to be.
let us hope it works out. It's
Timothy Sackton: okay back to the game, thanks to the detour. Mic.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: what are you going to do?
Mike Sackton: So Just remind me. Sorry I did read the session is. But did we have a plan for why we're going to these orcs.
Timothy Sackton: Not that I can figure out. I mean, get to somehow prevent from getting the cloak. Yeah, I mean. Gosh is obviously here with his army to take the cloak.
Mike Sackton: and then turn around and march into Denmark. And do we have any allies or help
Mike Sackton: we die when allies are home. Okay.
Mike Sackton: it's not a we've done so. Our plan is just to show up and cause we're so awesome. We will turn the time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, we gotta like talk to them and negotiate and stuff which I which I think we should talk about. Now.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I'm going to. I think it's the logical thing that nobody has actually articulated is adding the 5 of us to the might of the peaceful Orcs is probably not going to turn the tide of an entire like
Kate Sackton: battle conquest seen from
Kate Sackton: them. Losing
Kate Sackton: this one says, You know these orcs are not going to
Kate Sackton: when this war
Kate Sackton: more more surely with the 5 of us fighting at their side than they would. These peaceful works are not going to win this battle with a massive army of undead undying.
Kate Sackton: There's
Kate Sackton: with the 5 of us at their side.
Kate Sackton: But because we got here before that army began that conflict, perhaps we can either convince them to give us the cloak, or take it from them sooner than garage does, and get the heck out of here.
Kate Sackton: so that it doesn't come into proximity and crush.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, I say, I, in the very best.
UU Church of Boulder: All the interests are lined, I mean they can't win wearing the cloak, but
UU Church of Boulder: maybe taking the club off, being reconnected to a god of battle. Maybe that is a way for them to win the fight.
Mike Sackton: Would it not
Mike Sackton: change them, though
Mike Sackton: it the
Mike Sackton: from from what I know
Mike Sackton: of the Orc.
Mike Sackton: their God is not
Mike Sackton: one that weaves much space
Mike Sackton: with the rest of them.
Mike Sackton: I think it's like a death to take their this protection away from them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so it will not still be themselves. There's a few things that we need to understand before we can decide anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Number one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How does the cloak work?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How does it impact them?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Over? What time scale, you know, if they remove it? I we we just Don't know anything about how these are works with them. So that feels important to learn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other thing that seems important to learn is just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We we don't know anything about them that we don't know how many there are. We don't know how powerful they are. We don't know what their interests are. I mean, we need to spend a little time
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speaking with them and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: learning from them. I think.
Mike Sackton: if we consider just evacuating them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was also thinking how many of them, if they are not that many, can they all come on the air shit, and we all just fly off together when we translate them I don't know. Seeker looks around speculatively, imagining widening out here, cutting in there, adding a little more seating.
Eric Rosenbaum: You notice secret doesn't. Look great.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's he's weary
Eric Rosenbaum: my sister kenz i'm surprised with all this flying. Didn't take so much of at all on you as it did me. I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: I I think it's I think it's It's too hot down here where we are now. I think I feel better. If we could take the ship up
Eric Rosenbaum: back into the the healthy, fresh, cool air.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm. I'm still up
Eric Rosenbaum: if we need to spend additional time in that was productive speculation and posing of questions before we do anything actually otherwise. I'm all in favor of just
Eric Rosenbaum: charging in and saying, Hello! I. Does anybody know how you greet friendly or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but also who speaks work?
UU Church of Boulder: It's the do any of us before to
Mike Sackton: what the tongue spell is for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who has the time of spell
Mike Sackton: e with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long does it last
Mike Sackton: an hour?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Currently yourself.
Mike Sackton: any creature I touch, but only one
Eric Rosenbaum: only there, some kind of item that we could use that would have been really useful to have many times actually over the course of our adventures. But
Eric Rosenbaum: what, what? Why, are we even bothering with any of this seat?
UU Church of Boulder: I just use the rod and command him to give us the cloak.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, that was not a serious option.
Eric Rosenbaum: The the world may be entering into a new and a new era of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Truly, you know, functional and useful action, that is, that is direct
Eric Rosenbaum: and in in which the
Eric Rosenbaum: the ends are, are are justifying.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what are our ends again.
UU Church of Boulder: Stuff
UU Church of Boulder: the return of an evil God.
Mike Sackton: something like that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: become the evil God.
Mike Sackton: prevent any of us from becoming the evil God.
I do think.
Mike Sackton: speaking with these. Miss Ukash. Gosh! Is that his name?
Mike Sackton: I mean? That's what that's what the
Eric Rosenbaum: there's Gosh! The garage! The arcs of
Timothy Sackton: the Orc that you captured many months ago we learned about these
Timothy Sackton: referred to. Who's who's Gosh, this hoard?
Timothy Sackton: But you don't really know who
Timothy Sackton: whose gosh is? And if that's like a person. or
Eric Rosenbaum: what? What's hard range and altitude, though
Timothy Sackton: I mean you're fairly high up. They'll, I presume, about 40 miles west of the
Timothy Sackton: order of the Orc land
Eric Rosenbaum: right
Eric Rosenbaum: back
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: time.
Mike Sackton: Where was Dallas
Mike Sackton: speaking to this? Who's Gosh, if if us gosh is even a person certainly does seem to be the first step.
Mike Sackton: They must be aware that
Mike Sackton: they're under threat.
Mike Sackton: but I think it's a
Mike Sackton: delicate situation.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: Sara away from.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we fly the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: But at that altitude several miles up at least.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're directly above yeah city, and then just drop straight down like a stone
Eric Rosenbaum: to
Mike Sackton: but
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll use one of the and animal-based techniques of wellbees. To get some initial sense of the
Mike Sackton: tone of the direction in town
Mike Sackton: I think we should overfly the place. First see how big it is. Are we dealing with 10,000 orcs?
Mike Sackton: 50 somewhere in between?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly. We? We we need to learn more. We need to learn more about. And I think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think if these Orcs there's every reason to believe that on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they they may already have a sense of what's coming to them, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we, our interest with them, are aligned. I think we can speak with them and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: learn from them
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret looks up into the sky appraisingly. Tim, is there a cloud deck, or what's the
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a meter. It's
Timothy Sackton: it's pretty clear at the moment
Timothy Sackton: there's wispy high altitude clouds.
Timothy Sackton: You could go pretty far up and still get a clear view
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Timothy Sackton: You'd have to be pretty far up to be, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Not sort of obvious
Kate Sackton: right.
Timothy Sackton: although
Timothy Sackton: if people aren't expecting a skyscrap. It's not clear what they'll make of a
Mike Sackton: distance back in the sky. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we make ourselves look like we were a very slow, moving. soaring bird.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe it's a little late for all that.
Timothy Sackton: you.
Eric Rosenbaum: But if we had a huge quantity of boiling water, then well, no
Mike Sackton: yeah, like a cloud maker on board. This is a great idea for another time. Yeah. Oh, yeah, that way we can mask ourselves to do. Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: Tim, can Can I use my worldly feature
UU Church of Boulder: to get it a sense for like, how does one get an appointment at a court of peaceful orcs like it's this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: back to an emissary at the border and request a meeting. Yeah, total unknown. We can do so. I mean
Timothy Sackton: the way you would. You know
Timothy Sackton: you've traveled a fair bit. You have a sort of sense of the world, right the way you would normally approach
Timothy Sackton: what the you know find somebody and ask them.
Timothy Sackton: You just sort of introduce yourself and work your way up right, you know. Find somebody and be like hey? You know who's the local garrison commander, and then
Timothy Sackton: go from there to who is the you know, who is your command, you know. Basically, just work your way up the chain of command right?
Timothy Sackton: Whether you know
Timothy Sackton: whether that's going to work here. You're a little bit skeptical, right like this. The one thing that is clear to you to you well be from
Timothy Sackton: your experiences. This is not.
Timothy Sackton: I mean most places you've been there are. you know, caravans passing through there's traders right. There's no
Timothy Sackton: it's not like you've passed anybody on the border. There's not trade routes that lead here right there's not, or or if there are there on the east, not the west.
Mike Sackton: I like. There is trade between Dunmar and these Orcs. Right? So is this just like a lone watchtower?
Mike Sackton: Or is there like a string of them? Or
Mike Sackton: there's a string of them. Okay, I mean, you can see from
Timothy Sackton: from the airship right there's a string going south along the river. This seems to be the
Timothy Sackton: northernmost. What like?
Mike Sackton: Does it stretch out of sight like
Mike Sackton: Doesn't: yeah, like i'm trying to get a sense like, do they command like
Timothy Sackton: dozens or hundreds of miles? Or is this like? Yes, I mean the watch towers. You don't know how far they go from the river banks. Right
Timothy Sackton: It could be a it could be just a it could be a narrow strip of civilization along
Timothy Sackton: this river, but the watch towers stretch out of sight south along the river.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: how do the gods feel right now
Mike Sackton: close, far normal.
Timothy Sackton: normal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wellbe. Can you? Can you send some some animal scouts to learn more about the size of the Orc lands and city, how large their city is, how many orcs, etc.,
UU Church of Boulder: and we may need to get a little closer first. So instead.
UU Church of Boulder: duration is somewhat limited, and you know the speed of the
UU Church of Boulder: eagle may be limited, but as as we get closer I can send one down lower. Sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: here's a question for everyone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We also can just make a dramatic entrance. I mean, we're in a flying airship if we land, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: somehow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is there a way to signal our our, our
Mike Sackton: our peacefulness, I guess, is the question. I still think we should overfly this first go up
Mike Sackton: to, so that we're small. I mean, do you think it matters that they'll see something?
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought our plan was to overfly the animal messenger to get a sense of everything that i'm in this conversation once we have more information. But let's do that secret one of the like coughs and and web to face a little bit. This is all right. I'm driving back over to the phasing stone.
Timothy Sackton: I think that's a bad idea. I think that's about it. We begin to get it straight up into the sky like.
Timothy Sackton: So, though you fly
Eric Rosenbaum: going straight up for the right, you're going. You're going
Timothy Sackton: a 100 miles a day. No, 100 miles every you're going 10 miles an hour is the speed of the ship right? So
Timothy Sackton: you know it takes you a few hours to to close the distance to this watchtower.
Timothy Sackton: and as you do. you can. You note a few things. One is, you see.
Timothy Sackton: that irrigated land stretches quite a distance to the east. and there are, you know, a handful of Orcs. There's clearly people in the watchtower.
Timothy Sackton: They're too so far away to make out any details like you can't see expressions or anything. They're just like little tiny dots down far below. There's there's
Timothy Sackton: people tending the the horses that are grazing.
Timothy Sackton: There's not. You don't see much in the way of cities.
Timothy Sackton: You do see, you know, the occasional small little village, right? A cluster of maybe 3 to 4,
Timothy Sackton: as many as 10, like mud.
UU Church of Boulder: mud, brick houses all colorful.
Timothy Sackton: right? So there'll be, you know, 6 houses together, and another clump painted with blue and green stripes.
Timothy Sackton: and you know, from your perspective way. High up you can see a pretty good distance, right like you can probably see
Timothy Sackton: a 100 miles 150 miles.
Timothy Sackton: and you can see like.
Timothy Sackton: So one thing is, you can see that the settled land tends to.
Timothy Sackton: Looks like it goes
Timothy Sackton: south and east like along the river, and then towards the like
Timothy Sackton: gap here between these 2 rivers.
Timothy Sackton: You see very few cities to the south of you, about maybe here.
Timothy Sackton: somewhere down here there is one sort of fortified town, but it's small. It seems hardly bigger than Kara.
Timothy Sackton: but with, you know, thick walls, and it seems to be at the center of this line of watch towers that continues to run
Timothy Sackton: to the south
Timothy Sackton: as you continue sort of drifting over the land, sort of by lunch time.
Timothy Sackton: Say, maybe your
Timothy Sackton: see you're maybe somewhere like
Timothy Sackton: like here you can see
Timothy Sackton: far in the distance where these 2 rivers meet. There does appear to be a city. a small city, a walled city.
Mike Sackton: also with colorful
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, everywhere is every. All of the buildings are painted with these blue and orange and red geometric patterns, stripes, designs.
Timothy Sackton: and you know the interior is rolling hills. The river valley is heavily irrigated. You see lots of cattle.
Timothy Sackton: lots of
Timothy Sackton: tiny little spec people sort of tending the cattle. You see it's fields as well, like rolling fields of irrigated grain of some kind.
Timothy Sackton: There's not
Timothy Sackton: much in the way of roads. There does seem to be one road that runs from this
Timothy Sackton: fortification here
Timothy Sackton: to the sort of main city that's here. you know. Well be your your, you know distant sense is enough. The main city is probably 150 miles from you now.
Timothy Sackton: after having already traveled 3 or 4 h, so you you know you would be flying.
Timothy Sackton: but quite a ways like into the night in order to get to the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we have ways and we do ascending.
Mike Sackton: Well, okay, one thing I have an idea
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can definitely do, an an auger to ask like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: already these things good ideas. So we do that just as i'll note.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But do we? We also can do like ascending right like? Can we identify who their leader is only to people you've met, but
Mike Sackton: so Tim can. Can Taraka's messenger just fall from the sky, and we to the ground?
Timothy Sackton: Taraka's messenger is carrying a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: letter to the lock, and monks
Mike Sackton: at sara's request whoops that's not helpful
Mike Sackton: can.
Mike Sackton: When is when is that gonna be
Mike Sackton: gotten?
Kate Sackton: Well, I mean You've traveled quite some distance.
Timothy Sackton: It should be back relatively soon, but not like tonight.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: I didn't think the links had to walk back if we didn't want a response.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it was maybe slightly unfair to use your power when you weren't here. On the other hand. Sara really wanted you to send a letter, and you had no other way to do it. So.
Mike Sackton: No, I just mean, I thought that that
Mike Sackton: it doesn't have to come all the way to here. It just has to go to Sarah. Right?
Mike Sackton: I don't think that there's a token. I didn't think that it had to. If we fly a 100 miles
Mike Sackton: away from it. It's not like it has to run those additional 100 miles right unless it's bringing us a message
Mike Sackton: I the impression that I had the impression that it could
Mike Sackton: just vanish
Mike Sackton: at any time, and right we started. We were going back and forth on this in any case of not available to you. Right this second.
Mike Sackton: Wow! That's annoying. Sorry.
UU Church of Boulder: I think it's a good one. I think we push on towards the the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but we do my fly through the night to the place. Yeah, but so let's let's discuss what literary. How was our approach out of? Yeah. So as you're flying, you can speak. You're still high up
Timothy Sackton: You're not going to arrive until
Timothy Sackton: so you were like here. It's like a 150 miles. So that's
Timothy Sackton: you know you would arrive. If you fly straight.
Timothy Sackton: you'd arrive around midnight.
Mike Sackton: Can Can our airship hover while people sleep.
Mike Sackton: or does it need somebody at the as long as somebody is attuned? Yes, okay.
Timothy Sackton: it only crash it, it actually doesn't even crash. A few lou is attunement.
Timothy Sackton: It just drifts slowly to the ground in order for it to hover. Somebody needs to be attuned. If you want to switch drivers. You need to land
Mike Sackton: switch drivers for an hour, and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: then you a tune. You sleep in, Youtube.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, but a tuning takes like an hour
Timothy Sackton: of concentration. But once you're attuned, it just stays until somebody else up tunes
Eric Rosenbaum: an approach by darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's interesting.
Mike Sackton: I just think we need to announce ourselves in some fashion.
Eric Rosenbaum: My plan was
Mike Sackton: to send Traca's messenger with a letter
Mike Sackton: to who's Gosh!
Mike Sackton: If u gosh isn't a person, it won't work. But if whose Gosh! Is a person, Presumably it would. Well, who's Gosh! The leader of this tribe?
Kate Sackton: Well, can't we send like an animal messenger like we we could
Kate Sackton: hi something to the leg of a something.
Mike Sackton: but it won't really be able to bring back a response.
Mike Sackton: He would you work? It works, though, and I don't even know if it would.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: we could
Mike Sackton: just. It just seems
Mike Sackton: threatening the land. Our airship right outside the main gates. I'm. I'm noticing that this culture uses
Eric Rosenbaum: in this relatively flat terrain. Tall watch towers
Eric Rosenbaum: did not intend them to be temporary parking spots for airships that are not actually on the ground, but are just hovering temporarily in one spot, and want to be able to talk to somebody. But it seems like they might be able to work
Eric Rosenbaum: that actually Tim to the dimensions workout. Could we be hovering, but still talking to somebody at the top one of these hours?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So perhaps
Eric Rosenbaum: we could approach the closest of the watchtowers to this city
Eric Rosenbaum: and announce ourselves. So the wash towers are just a long, so if you go back to the map, the watchtowers are just along this river here.
Mike Sackton: Once you get inland of the river, they they run. The wash towers are on basically from here to here. The city is the city's, and the city is is here at the fork, so we could whoop around and approach from
Mike Sackton: approach from the outside of their territory towards the city.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's also true. and we're going to fly faster than any message they can carry.
UU Church of Boulder: unless it's by magical means.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know much about this Orc. I mean, there's doing.
Mike Sackton: A horse can ride faster than 10 miles an hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: and also
Eric Rosenbaum: they've got to put it steamingly Bled Areas sit with R exists. We don't know what the government, the power of the airship is really the ability to go
Timothy Sackton: to fly nearly 24 h a day less so than it's
Mike Sackton: raw top speed. Sure, sure, sure. I mean changing rider. A horse changing riders.
Mike Sackton: a messenger system with horses changing riders every 2 h would beat our speed significantly
Mike Sackton: right, not significantly, but somewhat right, like I don't know what a horse that speed is, but you probably going 15 or 20 miles. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so look I. I like the idea of engaging with the washtower, and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: having an initial conversation and letting them know that we intend to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to. I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if we have a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just so hard to say how how well things would go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who would be the best among us to be the communicator with the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: working
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the doors.
Mike Sackton: Dawas, who works at the least
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lattery columns, don't they?
Mike Sackton: But they're peaceful. I don't know more. I mean deleth mechanically, is built to be the party persuader with a crazy high charisma and all kinds of other benefits right
Mike Sackton: to. and also the only one who can actually so
Mike Sackton: cast tongs and speak their language.
Mike Sackton: There's no his. I didn't never got the impression. There was a particularly no particular history of Orcs hating anyone more than anybody else. They basically I mean the history, the
Timothy Sackton: Marquish culture, as far as any of like you have picked up for your adventures. It's just war all the time.
Eric Rosenbaum: and anybody including other orcs at this watch tower. All we're doing is. we're not even like requesting that they send a message to request an audience with
Eric Rosenbaum: their monarch or whatever. And we're just letting them know that we're here. and then heading to the center of the city and saying, we will meet with your monarch right? We don't need to have a bunch of.
Mike Sackton: We don't have a lot of time. This garage is only
Eric Rosenbaum: 2 days away. Precisely. We can, so we can create a stance of allieship
Eric Rosenbaum: and say
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll be meeting with you, and we can calculate how long it'll take. I think I think, we said, that there we can let the watch tower know that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if they have not already seen a massive army, is marching towards them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that we are allies, and that we a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we, we share the same enemy, and are here to one you warn them, and then also to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: out.
Eric Rosenbaum: But, Tim, Have we seen any evidence of
Eric Rosenbaum: military fortification of any kind at all, actually, or build up of troops? Or
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess it depends on which direction you're flying
Timothy Sackton: particularly like I thought you were flying directly.
Timothy Sackton: so so it's like 9 in the morning. You're at the border if you're flying directly there at the Border Lake here. If you're trying direct directly to the
Timothy Sackton: if you're flying directly to the
Mike Sackton: steady that's one thing. If you're trying to angle south, that's a different thing. So I need to know which way you're going before I tell you what you see, I think we didn't have the idea to route around to the south until later. So I think we just go now. We're flying through the city. But yeah, okay.
Kate Sackton: Why, we go to the city. But we want to stop at it. So you you pass over.
Timothy Sackton: you know, relatively early in the day you path over this fortified town. or really, and you see both.
Timothy Sackton: You know this. This town definitely seems to be on war footing. There are
Timothy Sackton: a substantial army camp on the outskirts of the town, you see. No, no!
Mike Sackton: Wait villagers or anybody around. You actually see a trail of
Timothy Sackton: people leading cattle
Mike Sackton: inland away from the border. We should. They know we should land here.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's that?
Mike Sackton: This? If this is the center of their war effort? Right? They're the ones who will benefit the most from, and and any intelligence we have. and there's going to be a military commander of some sort here.
Mike Sackton: or somebody in charge who who is high enough ranked to reasonably converse with. It seems like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we demonstrate? We're not a threat.
Eric Rosenbaum: It
Mike Sackton: I think. Same way we would anywhere else. So use the tower idea. Yeah, like it's not going to be. It's it's just
Mike Sackton: we gain time
Mike Sackton: ready
Mike Sackton: if we're
then, and if it goes back we just take off again.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: sticks her.
Kate Sackton: You will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well. my my my question is, how do we make the best of?
Mike Sackton: So I I think, bringing them, I mean, we have some intelligence about garage, right? We have quite a bit of intelligence about crush.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it it landing at their coming down at their primary military garrison with the news that we are running 2 days ahead of the army, and we want to share intelligence with you.
Mike Sackton: and we have things. You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we land at the garrison? And how do we land at Garrison, and not immediately get attacked by their forces?
Kate Sackton: You know we we want to land. We want to do the whole same thing. Our our our float up. Say.
Mike Sackton: come, come at them both Same right! Come down on the on the
Mike Sackton: riverside of the
Mike Sackton: tower right so that we're not inside their territory.
Mike Sackton: Get down to their.
Mike Sackton: you know
Mike Sackton: they're
Mike Sackton: and then shout at them basically and say, we come in peace.
Mike Sackton: I mean, how is it any different here than it would be at the city. In some ways it seems better right, like.
Mike Sackton: if you appear, but in their rear right. If you appear in the back of their wine like past their army.
Mike Sackton: They're going to be more panicked. The army is going to be more prepared to talk to somebody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything else we can do to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: increase the likelihood of conflict when we first see them?
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, yeah, it is there a universal sign of like parlay or piece. Can we write? Is there like like a white flag?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then?
Kate Sackton: I mean, that's like flag?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, they're you know
Eric Rosenbaum: we do have the poison to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: poison wivered. Is that what he said? No, that don't we have like another thing. It's like the giant that had the poison ogre. I was a troll prison chase and troll Whoa Sorry, Bowie, Grana Wheat Nimiban.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anybody get the reference? No from transformers. The movie. It's the universal reading when they go to the other planet, and they find these robots, and they're like, oh, my God, what do we do? Do the universal greeting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anyway?
UU Church of Boulder: That
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome. Is there not a universal greening Tim on, I mean
Timothy Sackton: as as anywhere. There's certainly like, you know
Timothy Sackton: what you would think of as sort of common, like waving a white like a flag of treaty. But again you have no idea. Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, as far as you can tell, these orcs have no contact with the outside world like you have no idea if the sort of
Timothy Sackton: normal signals that would work in Chardon or Dunmar or somebody, I
UU Church of Boulder: look at me like that try it. Well, wellbe is Itchy for action. Here, let's let's land, and we send Dell with the head. And the worst thing that
UU Church of Boulder: happens is, they killed Del with, and we grab his body real quick and we my way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well do we? But like we do anything. But do we want to do so do we want to have this conversation while still on the airship? Do we actually want to leave the airship and risk
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: capture, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we have horses?
Mike Sackton: Do we have horses?
Mike Sackton: We have a salad, but okay, but some.
Mike Sackton: But instead of spending the entire time we have to play talking about weren't going to do. Deaf is also yeah, how about we do stuff? We we're we're gonna do stuff, but like, are we Are we landing the airship? Let's see what happens is we're we're flying down to be level to the top of the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, other side of the reference, right? So I was. Exactly what? So exactly what we're doing. Secrets plan on the outskirts of. So there's this. You know. Their fortification
Timothy Sackton: is this is a walled town. It's, I mean. Your estimation is no more than 500 people could live inside the walls at most, and that would be crowded. It's not a huge place.
Timothy Sackton: but you know the the camp set up on the outskirts is easily 3 times that right, maybe
Timothy Sackton: a 1,500
Timothy Sackton: people and a non-trivial. Army. This is. This is a a serious force, and as you begin to come lower towards the top of one of these towers, so there's like 2 towers that are sort of upriver, and the downriver of the ford itself. And then there's the fortress which has these
Timothy Sackton: thick walls that overlook the river Arrows slits like well fortified. You hear horns going up.
Timothy Sackton: meaning hard to know. And then, you see, you start to see
Timothy Sackton: people climbing.
Timothy Sackton: climbing the tower. Then you see, like a
Timothy Sackton: dozen archers appearing on the tops of each of the towers as you start to get lower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we, as you can
Timothy Sackton: go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a way to like like, magnify Del what's voice like? Do we have? Can trips, or like on the way to do that? Wait, Hold on, press the situation. Once you do that doesn't it.
Timothy Sackton: tomatergy? Let's see. I don't know if he lets you do that.
Mike Sackton: But wait. You have thumbaturgy, don't you, Frisman.
Timothy Sackton: So it is kenzo although he never uses that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do. But I can. I use it? I I I can only use it on myself. I think you can all use it on yourself. Yeah. Well, then, then, I can make me the make meteor orchest dude, and I can speak or I can talk.
Mike Sackton: But I mean we can also just shout.
Mike Sackton: I think there's an advantage in having somebody with the ability to persuade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, Can you shout? I mean, is it pop?
Mike Sackton: I mean? Why not just shout. We come in peace, and I mean I could make us both speak workish.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there are they like? Are they like drawing arrows? Are they just
Timothy Sackton: there? I mean, there seem to be organizing. You can see that there's more orcs that are coming out on the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we we need to give them a signal that we come in peace, like there are more arcs coming out on the battlements, and you see.
Timothy Sackton: there's a a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: battalion of riders. Oh, on that, can we? Can we? On like small light, light colored like desert courses? Okay, can we? Can. We can seekers shape Earth a message on the and a written message like a peace symbol.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah, you can make colors and you can make colors appear in stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting. But as a driver. I just want to authorize me with to say something immediately, because they're Yeah. So i'm going to cat. So okay, i'm going to cast tongues.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, right, and then I am going to the light of arrows, flies up, hitting the bottom of the jet bottle.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, no, i'm gonna. I'm gonna shout out at them
Mike Sackton: right. That, and I will
Mike Sackton: minor illusion.
Mike Sackton: Let you create a scream.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: with my own voice, so i'll I'll see if I can use minor illusion to project a little bit, but i'll just shout out in Orkish.
Mike Sackton: We come
Mike Sackton: bearing news of the enemy to the west.
Kate Sackton: Norris.
Mike Sackton: we come in peace bearing news of the enemy to the north. Mutual enemy, Mutual enemy To the northeast
Timothy Sackton: another round of errors comes
Timothy Sackton: app lying, hitting the bottom of the ship, and then you see
Timothy Sackton: coming out
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: up onto the top of the tower.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no, I
Timothy Sackton: warrior of maybe
Timothy Sackton: an orc like green-skinned, with sort of tusky teeth like this, a iron plate helmet.
Timothy Sackton: a batter breastplate. 2 swords long at his side.
Timothy Sackton: wearing a brightly like on his armor. There's this brightly colored sort of red diamond star with with blue designs around it.
Timothy Sackton: and he sort of
Timothy Sackton: emerges out onto the top of the tower and then holds up his fist and the arrows stop, and he says, yells and orkish, halt your approach
Mike Sackton: every way that we should hold our approach.
Mike Sackton: I stopped the ship. How close are we?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, my 100 feet away!
Timothy Sackton: And he he! He looks around, and he signals. and one of the
Timothy Sackton: one of the orcs next to him blows this like complicated pattern on a horn.
Timothy Sackton: and you can see now movement in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: There seems to be like.
Timothy Sackton: you know.
Timothy Sackton: a few dozen or a 100 archers that are organizing on the coming out on the battlefield, getting their
Timothy Sackton: getting their errors ready, and these like. So what look like scouts, maybe
Timothy Sackton: a half dozen orcs on fast horses riding West.
Timothy Sackton: and this this guy, who appears to be the commander here
Eric Rosenbaum: yells up again to you.
Timothy Sackton: What business have intruders in zir cause
Timothy Sackton: turn back or be repelled.
Mike Sackton: What do we hold that? So what do we know about Grash's army? Exactly.
Mike Sackton: We know. How do we know anything other than they can be killed.
UU Church of Boulder: It's, or it's fuss on dad.
Timothy Sackton: Some spellcasters from Bright Garden.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know the exact size it was maybe a few 1,000 when it left
Timothy Sackton: Carson, but it seems to have grown a bit hard to say how much.
Mike Sackton: but like 3,000 would be a reasonable guess.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it might be
Timothy Sackton: a bit smaller than that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thousands.
Mike Sackton: thousands.
Mike Sackton: Dallas will yell out again. A.
Mike Sackton: We come racing before an army of thousands
Mike Sackton: of orcs, and Undead here to kill you and wipe you from the earth.
Mike Sackton: They are also our enemy. We wish to bring you aid.
Timothy Sackton: He looks around
Timothy Sackton: signals, hold up his hand in another.
Timothy Sackton: at
Timothy Sackton: another signal goes up from the horns, and you see, like a 100 archers, draw their bows and says. we've been tricked before by your comrades. We will not let more outsiders into our
Timothy Sackton: poem turn back or be destroyed.
Mike Sackton: None of our and your companions fleeing to the west.
Timothy Sackton: one dead running before us. Do not think you will not face the same fate.
Timothy Sackton: The spies of our enemies will not be permitted to enters their cause.
Mike Sackton: I'll say, in
Mike Sackton: common or in the Denmark. But it's got to be Chardonian adventures. Right
UU Church of Boulder: must be
Mike Sackton: Yeah, i'll say it's. It's been the doubt congratulations. But just congratulate them. I'm getting rid of the beaves from Chardon are are no
Mike Sackton: comrades of ours. We thank you for hunting them down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're the 3 that probably showed up that we just saw in the script
Eric Rosenbaum: we one of our bitterest enemies i'll describe.
Mike Sackton: I'll describe. Yes, exactly. I'll! I'll shout out one of our bitterest enemies I'll describe. I forget his name. Who's the guy we hate
Mike Sackton: Cadmus? Yeah, I know. I know I kept getting to it One of our bidders enemy's, Cadmos Just
Mike Sackton: we just saw through our magic. We new recruits join his camp, and i'll describe them.
Mike Sackton: Were those the ones you drove off
Timothy Sackton: Make a persuasion Check!
Timothy Sackton: He looks thoughtful.
Mike Sackton: They've stolen from us.
Timothy Sackton: He he speaks again quietly to
Timothy Sackton: his commander, and you see, and another horn call goes out, and the troops on the battlements relax a little bit, unknock their arrows.
Timothy Sackton: I will hear you, but on my terms.
Timothy Sackton: land your
Timothy Sackton: magic ship elsewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's propose a hovering at one mile
of them.
Mike Sackton: one mile above them. Yep. we get down from one mile above them.
UU Church of Boulder: But good Feather fall! Can we get back up again
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here we fly like reply.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Get your gas fly!
Mike Sackton: I could cast, fly. burn my other spell, slot
Eric Rosenbaum: that doesn't take so long.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then then we could clearance also, if we need to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, can I do that while I'm. Holding the shift in place? Probably not.
Timothy Sackton: No, cause it's concentrated. Well, it's the ship. Yes, because the ship you can't fly the ship, while also Claire going to the same. But if, as long as it's just hovering, yeah, you can do that
Timothy Sackton: I just can't move while you're concentrating on another spell like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, yeah, so see if he'll accept that condition that we hover above there sitting.
Mike Sackton: I'll suggest. I'll suggest I'll ask if we can, if we can weave it in the sky.
What troops have you?
Timothy Sackton: I will not have an army hovering above us.
Mike Sackton: Is everybody visible?
UU Church of Boulder: I lean over the side and just give away. I mean I it's hard to you.
Timothy Sackton: You're looking
Mike Sackton: a 100 feet up at the ship right down with is presumably leading over the side to shot. Oh, there's no way he can see the inside of the ship. Yeah, that's interesting.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: i'll i'll back in for everybody to come to the side to start. We could say the strength of our party is not in numbers or something like that. Yeah, i'll say something like that, right? Our strength is not in numbers. It is only the 5 of us
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we go with.
Mike Sackton: I'll introduce everybody, you know what. While we're doing this, Why not Kenzo the
Mike Sackton: mighty something and rizzling the only good one, and well be their white. You know what the hell like you're true. Your true opinions of us are being revealed right now with the fuck it might be something.
Mike Sackton: Well be the the not he's not sneaky. He's very friendly right now. We are the smart one.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, well be that he's very no, i'll give but yes, yes, that was good introductions.
Timothy Sackton: and this Arc
Timothy Sackton: looks around, and he kind of. He laughs almost bitterly under his breath, and says.
Timothy Sackton: And I thought you were bringing actual aid. But calm. leave your ship if you are coming to speak.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So we're leaving it. What?
Mike Sackton: How? Far up in the air?
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's park at. you know
Eric Rosenbaum: 2,000 feet or something. Why, you want to park it in the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we don't have to land it.
Mike Sackton: He's tired. She doesn't feel good. Well, I think it's dictful. Yeah.
how are you going to get down?
UU Church of Boulder: I've got a feather fall from my armor. I can do it on all of us.
Mike Sackton: How can you?
UU Church of Boulder: I think it's the last 6 people
Mike Sackton: that's actually not a bad way of getting down.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, Getting back up is a little trickier. But yeah, we fly it away we get back. We we whistle for Buck Beak.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of necessity. I stay up on the ship.
Mike Sackton: There's the High Trust level here, too. Everyone enjoy it off the side. You'll be fine so. But actually no, it's a fairly impressive way to enter. We just jump off the side of a ship
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that is perfect.
Mike Sackton: Let's do it. We just jump off the side, I trust. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. So maybe this is a reasonable point for me to go to bed. Actually
Eric Rosenbaum: okay, we're literally doing that's great.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker remains in control of the ship. Well, the other 4 of you jumped down.
Timothy Sackton: I'll. I'll do the difficult and important job of mine. Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: Good night, Eric. Hope you feel better.
Mike Sackton: Nate.
Timothy Sackton: So. as the 4 of you fall from the sky. I landing on the ground outside this fortress.
Timothy Sackton: this commander watching you because you I mean you descend slowly with your feather falling
Timothy Sackton: as watch has been watching you, and has time to come down the steps of the tower. come out and meet you with
Timothy Sackton: a band of maybe
Timothy Sackton: 15 orcs. armed and armored, mostly with like you know, chain and curved swords or longswords sort of a motley collection of weapons. This doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: I mean. This is an a
Timothy Sackton: they seem, so, you know, ready to fight, but but their equipment. Does not this isn't like a super professional army
Timothy Sackton: and emotions for the troops to
Timothy Sackton: approach you? Any, says an orchid, disarm them?
Kate Sackton: Take it to that.
Timothy Sackton: Your staff
Timothy Sackton: to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me see, Kenza, what is gonna
Mike Sackton: what he says disarmed them right.
Mike Sackton: That will sort of step in. We'll sort of step forward a little bit, and like try and raise his hands and
Mike Sackton: my companions.
Mike Sackton: There are many
Mike Sackton: items of great value and importance to them.
Mike Sackton: as if we can put them in a like a aisle on the side, or something where we can all see we would be happy not to
Mike Sackton: bring them into your fort. but I do; but we would.
Mike Sackton: It would not
Mike Sackton: give them into the possession of others.
Mike Sackton: because we are playing a scene from the Lord of the rings.
Timothy Sackton: It
Timothy Sackton: yeah emotions. He sort of gestures, and one of the Orc soldiers comes over, and he sort of whispers to him.
Timothy Sackton: and he says.
Timothy Sackton: Excuse me. he says
Timothy Sackton: Drugmar, well keep watch.
Timothy Sackton: Lay your weapons here.
UU Church of Boulder: We will be dust
Mike Sackton: delicious this wind does. I have no weapons to lay
Kate Sackton: true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but it. Let's ask to lay our weapons here. And then where are we going to talk?
Timothy Sackton: Presumably inside the fort?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why, Don't, we just talk right here?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He was not laying down his stop.
Mike Sackton: Kenza is an old
Kensel is an old man. It's one thing to let to take everybody's swords. But would you really part
Mike Sackton: him. He's recently injured in war. When he planned he from his staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can continue this negotiation without me if they want the weapon.
Timothy Sackton: The arcs kind of
Timothy Sackton: look
Kate Sackton: You're on tomorrow, and Kenza and the weapons.
Timothy Sackton: but i'm certainly back at at this commander.
Timothy Sackton: It looks sort of exasperated and
Timothy Sackton: kind of shakes his head and says. if you will not be parted. bind his hands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. So they're saying, Find my hands, and then I can keep the staff.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm fine. With that
Mike Sackton: I I
Mike Sackton: i'll relay, but and i'm not going to like
Mike Sackton: how this guy is being ridiculous. But anyway.
Timothy Sackton: now, with Kenzo's hands bound, but his staff still.
Timothy Sackton: you know, slung on his back the rest of your weapons left outside. Well, except for deal with, he doesn't have a weapon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just laughed out.
Mike Sackton: As soon as always we're talking we have telephony, so we can all talk to each other as we're. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no.
Timothy Sackton: With the the Orc. Lead you with his troop of, you know, with about 6 of the guards.
Timothy Sackton: a handful of them stay outside and lead you in through a sort of there's like a few gates on the outside of this for it, and the walls are, I mean you go through thick walls. This is a well well fortified position
UU Church of Boulder: Another gate in the certain. How old is this? Is there a sense?
UU Church of Boulder: Is this within the last 150 years? Yes, it's not it. It does not feel old.
Timothy Sackton: All you know. The paint is fresh like this.
Timothy Sackton: you know Everything's brightly colored, and it it feels everything feels new.
Timothy Sackton: and he leads you there's a there's a courtyard, and he leads you through the cart courtyard into a like a small hall that has these
Timothy Sackton: right yellow and gold banners that are hanging down, and in front of you know, on the sides, and the the
Timothy Sackton: walls of this small hall are are painted, and
Timothy Sackton: in sort of golds and greens as well.
Timothy Sackton: Any gestures you said. There's a table whistles, and and you know art comes out with some food.
Timothy Sackton: Now tell me
Timothy Sackton: how well 5
Timothy Sackton: possible spies or possible allies do anything at all against an army of thousands that is marching to our doorstep.
Mike Sackton: Ask him what intelligence he has on this army. Yeah, that's why I was thinking the same thing. What what do you know of this army?
Timothy Sackton: I am not here to share my information with you.
Mike Sackton: You know anything of its leader garage.
Timothy Sackton: He looks sort of
Timothy Sackton: almost put out a little bit and kind of leans back in his chair, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: you have convinced me
Timothy Sackton: you may at least not be enemies.
Timothy Sackton: and you say that you come here to provide aid
Timothy Sackton: to us in our war.
Timothy Sackton: and yet you sit down and interrogate me.
Mike Sackton: Is there a reason I should not just throw you out of my fortress right now?
Mike Sackton: Do not speak to interrogate. but questions are the root of wisdom. We
Mike Sackton: I do not know if you even know what is coming. Are you? Are you wise to garage his ways. Do you know about the
Mike Sackton: are oryx who cannot die, who march beside him?
Timothy Sackton: You have information, share it.
Kate Sackton: maybe. Just say I will speak as though you do not know. But please don't assume that. My.
Kate Sackton: because that is what you want me to assume. But
Mike Sackton: do you know of the orcs that do not die.
UU Church of Boulder: but just put it all out there, put it on the table. There's no downside.
Kate Sackton: Just say i'm going to tell you stuff, and if you just don't assume i'm condescending because i'm telling you stuff, You know
Kate Sackton: It's
UU Church of Boulder: so. They're they're seeing. Even
Mike Sackton: So he's just not moving. This for okay? Well, I assume you're all just like having a quick telepathic conversation. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's sort of waiting for you to respond to his what? He said, do you know, if the Orcs who do not die.
UU Church of Boulder: I think we'll be. I said, that I want outlook and respond to that one
UU Church of Boulder: just saying has just has led us all out there.
Timothy Sackton: His lips are like thin, and he like looks at a couple of the guards who are behind him.
UU Church of Boulder: It the Did I understand me when I spoke coming
Timothy Sackton: now?
Mike Sackton: I mean better game for a minute. I don't know what help we actually get. Provide.
Mike Sackton: We' a lot of help we we don't. We don't really have a
Kate Sackton: I mean, that was my point from the beginning is that we didn't have anything to offer.
Kate Sackton: I mean, we could make bold statements about.
Mike Sackton: but our prowess and battle I mean having a big airship. Yeah, right aerial support.
UU Church of Boulder: But and tell tell him everything we know about Carson. Yeah, that's that's that's that. That. They're building and the war and tell them about the shadow hunters. And the way that
UU Church of Boulder: you know he brings people back to life again like just everything. Just put it out there.
Mike Sackton: Well be, it says in in common.
Mike Sackton: so I mean, deal with will
Mike Sackton: follow up on that right like. If he's not responding to the question
Mike Sackton: deal with, i'll just move on right like
Mike Sackton: Well, let me tell you about the Orcs, who will not die right, and i'll describe everything we know about garage, I mean. start with
Mike Sackton: Well, Intelligence is always a
Mike Sackton: valuable.
Mike Sackton: We've been tracking this creature for some time
Mike Sackton: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really quick met again. Yeah, or just not that just tell about it like, remember, we need to build their trust to learn about a cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they need to build their trust. So so maybe that part of this is is sharing and saying. Yes, we have. We have a great deal of intelligence about your enemy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but we also have questions that when things that we want to learn and understand about you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because we are he, we do want to help, I mean, here's a question. It's like, how much do we tell them about our interest in the cloak? You know nothing right now that'll just blow up in our face, right?
Kate Sackton: I mean, basically, if they are all dead, then we take the cloak before brush does.
Kate Sackton: But I mean maybe we can leave it with them it. And
Mike Sackton: and so I mean, that's the that's where i'll start
Mike Sackton: right. We had no a fair bit about Grash's army, presumably.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I don't actually know it. All right, All right. Yeah, I get what you're telling him. So he looks. He listens for a moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but we know a great deal about their spell tasters their battles. We also know, like I know, how he's able to revive people from the dead like I've seen it myself.
Timothy Sackton: He
Timothy Sackton: introduced, by the way he introduced himself as commander of or Gaz. and he
Timothy Sackton: sort of his. He seems to be growing
Timothy Sackton: increasingly
Timothy Sackton: concerned as you're speaking. he says. How came you buy this knowledge?
Mike Sackton: And some
Mike Sackton: you've seen? I sort of gesture over my shoulder.
Mike Sackton: our means of transport.
Mike Sackton: Some we observed from the air. some through magic.
Mike Sackton: some through
Mike Sackton: encounters near Carson. where this army originated months ago. Before they marched.
Timothy Sackton: He looks at the 4 of you
Timothy Sackton: an Alpha dwarf at Dun Mari
Timothy Sackton: and a half L.
Timothy Sackton: How came you to travel together?
Mike Sackton: Wow! That is a tale we would
Mike Sackton: be glad to tell how much time do you have to hear it?
Timothy Sackton: Little. but not none. There is much preparation that must be done in the next day.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Version of a short version basically of how we met each other by chance and
Mike Sackton: and Kara, and
Mike Sackton: talk about how about the nulls and the attacks there, and
Mike Sackton: our started explaining lots of gnarly undead things the yeah like how we you know I'll, I'll leave out anything about Chicoons
Mike Sackton: heart or the the the magic barrier, or anything like that. Well, you wouldn't be. You wouldn't be able to
Timothy Sackton: speak of that, anyway.
UU Church of Boulder: Right it might. It might be worth saying, too. You know we we came to the defense of Dumb.
UU Church of Boulder: and we tracked the source of so much of that back East to garage.
UU Church of Boulder: And, Yep. Our interest in this is not
UU Church of Boulder: frankly just altruistic that we want the Orcs to be. Well, we think that if this army rolls over the Orcs, the next thing we do is turn west again in the liver dun mark
UU Church of Boulder: exactly, and that we and Denmark were happy with the status quo for the last 100 years.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean i'll tell the story as sort of
Mike Sackton: defenders of Dunmar and some of that that well-be is sort of mentioning. I'll also mention sort of the
Mike Sackton: the werewolves at some point, and
Mike Sackton: i'll get to I'll. I'll actually tell up a little bit the yeah we killed. You know we we
Mike Sackton: killed Aghata powerful Fay.
Mike Sackton: We killed the tribe of where we, you know, up a board of werewolves just we called a dragon. I'll mention that at some point.
Mike Sackton: and that we
Mike Sackton: and deal with Lad a bit of a personal note about
Mike Sackton: having
Mike Sackton: not a reminder. We'll mention that I was gonna mention the ta. She but no, i'm not going to.
Mike Sackton: So basically, that story, right. We've been traveling together.
Mike Sackton: I'll leave it a little vague as to what we've been doing since we
Mike Sackton: you know, since we killed the werewolves.
Mike Sackton: We've been traveling together right
Mike Sackton: and well. Center garage is kind of our enemy right like we saw him in Carson. We tracked us down. He's been hunting us. We're hunting him.
UU Church of Boulder: I don't. Yeah. Sorry. What do you mention about chart in?
Timothy Sackton: Did you? Are you? Do you mention?
I'll mention that we went to Charton, and we hate them, and they hate us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the also the mages that are part of this party are from Chartin that are like the you know.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean that Jacob
Timothy Sackton: make up persuasion check
Timothy Sackton: with advantage.
Mike Sackton: Well, that would 2 crappy roles
UU Church of Boulder: really like you probably have part.
UU Church of Boulder: Inspiration?
Timothy Sackton: No, because seeker's up in the the skieship
Mike Sackton: 15 is not not really that bad? You're several. The 3 to 6 I know just have a plus 9 right now. 50 is perfectly fine for most. He he looks thoughtful.
Timothy Sackton: You are certainly more ready to
Timothy Sackton: speak of your past. and your tales have more of a taste of truth to them.
Timothy Sackton: Then those
Timothy Sackton: came, for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he looks powerful again.
Mike Sackton: Well. what wise did they tell you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we came before, and what lies to to tell you.
Mike Sackton: They it looks like he's.
Timothy Sackton: he's
Timothy Sackton: considering from thinking for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: It's not my place to tell the full story.
Timothy Sackton: Chief blue bosh is angry enough with me as it is
Mike Sackton: for letting them past.
Mike Sackton: Do you say, Chief, who's Gosh or something? Chief Lubosche Lubash? Yeah, Definitely not. Gosh
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: asked if that's their leader, said they were.
Timothy Sackton: The evils of our chained brethren.
Timothy Sackton: seemed a plausible tale.
Timothy Sackton: are never clear why they were in the desert. In the first place.
Mike Sackton: these are, I'll ask them. The people I described are like.
Mike Sackton: Is it that the ones I saw from scrying?
Mike Sackton: What is this 2 twins. I forget what those
Mike Sackton: with 3 of them
Mike Sackton: that we saw joining care during
Mike Sackton: there was 3 that you saw inscribing, yeah. but it's the same 3.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, there was more of them, possibly. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: there were 4 of them.
Timothy Sackton: One now lies dead.
Timothy Sackton: and who is guar
UU Church of Boulder: good
Timothy Sackton: sort of pounds? His fist on the table.
Timothy Sackton: You see I cannot make the same mistake again.
Timothy Sackton: It looks thoughtfully at you.
Mike Sackton: No, I I I that you cannot.
Mike Sackton: And yet.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: is this your
Mike Sackton: full defense against the coming onslaught.
Timothy Sackton: I will not speak of our defense.
Timothy Sackton: or even if I am
Timothy Sackton: mostly convinced by her tale.
Timothy Sackton: the consequences of if I am wrong are too dire.
Mike Sackton: I only ask because it's insufficient. If it is.
Timothy Sackton: we have
Timothy Sackton: tricks that would surprise you.
Mike Sackton: I fear what is coming will not be susceptible to your tricks.
Timothy Sackton: Sarcas has not fallen
Timothy Sackton: in generations.
Timothy Sackton: despite the
Timothy Sackton: rotting lurks.
Timothy Sackton: He says that without like
Timothy Sackton: spit, like almost as if the word is tastes horrible in his mouth.
Timothy Sackton: Giants.
Timothy Sackton: evil beasts of all descriptions that come from the West
Timothy Sackton: will not fall to this or tender God. And he says, God with this like absolute venom.
Mike Sackton: These works keep fighting after they die.
Timothy Sackton: You have said.
Mike Sackton: Can you stop? That?
Timothy Sackton: Will not speak of our defenses?
Timothy Sackton: Why does it you wish
Timothy Sackton: to do here. You say you have aid, and yet I have not heard it.
Timothy Sackton: I have listened to your tales. He takes a draws a knife from his sheath. He cuts the bonds on
Kenza's hands.
Timothy Sackton: I will trust you for now. but I have much to do.
Timothy Sackton: unless you have a purpose
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: telepathically to Should we tell them that we know why garage is here?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We know garage is true purpose.
UU Church of Boulder: I think.
UU Church of Boulder: I think. Yes, but I think I feel like. Is that a bargaining chip to get us to talk to the Yes. Hello below.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long we know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we tell them we know that there that brush brushes here, not just to aimlessly kill them, that he has a very specific purpose in that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We would like to share that purpose to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: their their leader.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. I think he's just gonna say. Tell me now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then we'll same. Then we said he also.
Kate Sackton: but he also seemed to not want to make all the decisions and get in trouble again, so maybe he would pass it up the power chain. You could also say that we want.
Kate Sackton: We would like them to tell us what they want us to do.
Kate Sackton: You know Where Where could we be? Where would you allow us to be in support of your cause.
Kate Sackton: that that would make you feel that we are
Mike Sackton: what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we we
Mike Sackton: we need to go talk to their leader. I know. I know, like our our actual goal here is to go talk to their leader right like cause. But then I don't know. I still don't know what we're going to do right, except
Mike Sackton: either kill them and take the cloak, or like the
Kate Sackton: But I seriously think I think we should fight alongside them in whatever way they'll let us yeah, and be ready to take the cloak and run if it all goes pear-shaped.
Mike Sackton: but not take the cloak from them until it goes pear-shaped, because maybe they'll win. I don't know they have tricks
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right. They're definitely not going to win. We need to talk to their and understand
Mike Sackton: like what what the nature of the the cloak is, if we can build trust with them.
Mike Sackton: Right? Yeah. But let's build trust with women by saying, Where would you? Where do you want to help?
Mike Sackton: Okay.
The the the one last tattoos
UU Church of Boulder: they did
UU Church of Boulder: the defenses don't have to. Oh.
UU Church of Boulder: well, and the city doesn't have to be overrun for them to lose the cloak.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, you know. Imagine what all those possible strategies could be to divert to avoid, to send in this small. Yeah, you know, strike team into the city to get the cloak like they need to know that that may be the objective. The contest. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So a point. Which is why we want to communicate that to their lead. That was
Mike Sackton: Della will glance at the 2 orcs standing behind him. There's 2 other people in the room right? Yeah. There's like 2 guard. They're standing
Mike Sackton: like 10 or 15 like at the door of the that that leads out to the courtyard not immediately. So sort of lean in a little bit, and tell them
Mike Sackton: sort of quietly like trying to say it in a little bit of a breath, so that other people
Mike Sackton: there
Mike Sackton: there is more we know about garage's, motives that I have not told you.
Mike Sackton: but it is sensitive. and
Mike Sackton: we do not know your people or
Mike Sackton: your culture, or what is known and not known
Mike Sackton: about what was the what was the city? He said
Mike Sackton: it was guaranteed about Usga car or its leaders.
Mike Sackton: So I am. He looks
Timothy Sackton: sort of puzzled.
Mike Sackton: hesitant to share more.
Mike Sackton: Would you? Would you permit us to speak with Chief Loop lubash, Lubash, or another superior, who may be able to guide us more appropriately as to what we should share, and with who
Timothy Sackton: sort of
Timothy Sackton: stairs at the 4 of you.
Timothy Sackton: thinking for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: I will not.
Timothy Sackton: I will not turn you away.
Timothy Sackton: I am not I'll let it call.
Timothy Sackton: These debates are
Timothy Sackton: shakes his head.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take us to your leader.
Timothy Sackton: and will not leave this fort. I must be here to defend it when the army comes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so it will send warning.
Timothy Sackton: and he looks at you, Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: But your
Timothy Sackton: order attitude will not pass in the city.
Timothy Sackton: You must be willing to submit to whatever Lubash says to get an audience.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll leave the staff on the ship
Mike Sackton: it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many have budgets now? That magic weapon hands bitch?
Mike Sackton: Not gonna
Timothy Sackton: he. He looks at you all again, and he said, just thank him for the advice, or just not.
UU Church of Boulder: Very good.
Timothy Sackton: because guys strike me down if I am wrong, but I will see you through.
Mike Sackton: Whose cash?
Mike Sackton: Who Who is us? Gosh!
Timothy Sackton: He laughs.
Timothy Sackton: bearing your ignorance.
Timothy Sackton: I guess. Why should some foreigner
Mike Sackton: know our history. I just admitted my ignorance to you.
Mike Sackton: I am willing to own it and
Mike Sackton: try to correct this cash.
Timothy Sackton: Found it the land of
Timothy Sackton: it's our cause
Timothy Sackton: many generations ago.
Timothy Sackton: not many of your generations. He looks at Dulles
Timothy Sackton: or yours. He looks at risen
Mike Sackton: after the great war
Timothy Sackton: in the aftermath of the Great war
Timothy Sackton: 150 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: You, as a hero.
Mike Sackton: appreciate your willingness to share the knowledge.
Mike Sackton: We will
Mike Sackton: honor him as is appropriate for foreigners.
UU Church of Boulder: Him. What was the tense of that sentence? He is a hero, or he was a hero.
Timothy Sackton: he was, he was a hero.
Timothy Sackton: not meaning. He is no longer
Timothy Sackton: respected, but meaning he's dead.
UU Church of Boulder: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think the cloak is passed down.
Kate Sackton: It's a. P. Whose Gosh's tribe is like Jacob's tribe, or something. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So it sounds like.
Mike Sackton: or something weirder is going on, or something weirder. But yeah.
Timothy Sackton: he looks and he says motions for
Timothy Sackton: one of his guards
Timothy Sackton: who then runs off and comes back a few minutes later with some paper, and he begins to
Timothy Sackton: scribble a message in Orkish, and then
Timothy Sackton: which daoist can read over his shoulder because you can read everything, and it's basically like
Timothy Sackton: there are travelers coming.
Timothy Sackton: I believe they may have knowledge or
Timothy Sackton: information
Timothy Sackton: that Lou Bosch will wish to hear.
Timothy Sackton: I am not sure I fully trust them, but they do not
Timothy Sackton: seem deceitful.
Timothy Sackton: Then he signs it, and he seals it, and he stamps it, and he hands it to an orch, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: who then leaves, and he says fast riders will carry this message.
Timothy Sackton: I'll reach
Timothy Sackton: Lubash by the morning.
Timothy Sackton: He looks up in the sky. I assume you have your own means of transport.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: we will leave to bear a message. But before we go one question for you there any age you need.
Mike Sackton: Our resources are greater than they may appear.
Timothy Sackton: It looks
Timothy Sackton: unless you can summon
Timothy Sackton: good forged blades and arrows that have been there.
Mike Sackton: Can we do that? Well, I can make anything from anything but only one at a time. So
Kate Sackton: it take me kind of a while to make
Kate Sackton: a lot of weapons, but maybe I could. I mean, you guys could leave me here, and I could do a bunch of forging while you diplomacy ish.
Mike Sackton: What do we have in the whole? We didn't. We didn't take any of our we didn't take any
UU Church of Boulder: man we have so much money and so little That's useful, right?
Timothy Sackton: I mean You've got some abilities like
Timothy Sackton: What was that spell you used for the ship?
Mike Sackton: Fabricate somebody, have fabricate.
Kate Sackton: I do have that.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead.
Kate Sackton: I have. I think I have fabricate, but I also have artisans blessings, so I can
Kate Sackton: once an hour craft a weapon
Kate Sackton: once, I mean, you know by.
Kate Sackton: you know, so I could make like 12 weapons. That's not. I mean long day of
Mike Sackton: there's only so much use that really is. I could make a couple of magic weapons.
Mike Sackton: I can magic a couple of their weapons. I'm. Tempted to give them the mace of terror
Mike Sackton: that was the mace we stole from it. So what's it? Do again?
Mike Sackton: It
Mike Sackton: It it did.
Mike Sackton: What does it do? Hold on? I have it. It creates fear. It basically creates fear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have to think. I think the Undead guys are going to be into that.
Mike Sackton: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: each creature of your choice offering to make some magic weapons
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: useful.
Mike Sackton: It's not a bad
Mike Sackton: set of fear, I mean. I bet you the Orcs, the the orcs probably aren't.
Mike Sackton: I mean you can only use it 3 times a day. It's not like it's not like you can make a whole army run away, but it's still a magic weapon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But why don't? Why why don't we keep that one since.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and have risen and make a couple offer to make it for you.
Kate Sackton: You and I guess I can do fabricate once every 10 min.
UU Church of Boulder: Can you make weapons with fabricate, though?
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
UU Church of Boulder: No.
Mike Sackton: Why, don't we offer Rizmond's Brisbane. Would you like to make some weapons right now just to show that you can.
Kate Sackton: It only takes 10 min. sure. I mean, I could. You need some raw materials, right? But but
Kate Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: do you have any
Mike Sackton: you metal that we could work with. I'll ask him, do you have any material that we could work with?
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: the forges are running non-stop
Timothy Sackton: arrows, and our arrowheads and spearheads are our biggest need right now.
Mike Sackton: How many arrowheads can you fabricate with one casting of fabric?
Kate Sackton: I don't know it's
Mike Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: I mean
Timothy Sackton: it's an item.
Timothy Sackton: so I mean probably not hundreds. But
Timothy Sackton: I mean you're talking about a Fourth Level spell, and
Timothy Sackton: you know it's.
Timothy Sackton: The fabricated arbitrage has to be contained within a single 5 foot cube.
Timothy Sackton: That's probably a 100 arrowheads
Kate Sackton: in 10 min
Timothy Sackton: in 10 min.
Kate Sackton: All right. That's probably faster than their for just how about. I do that once.
Mike Sackton: I mean just to right. We have to be on our way. But yeah.
Kate Sackton: well, i'll. I'll say something like I would like to, then give you 2 gifts before I go.
Kate Sackton: if you will give me some materials
Kate Sackton: and introduced me to your favorite weapon.
Timothy Sackton: he
Timothy Sackton: so you so he I mean he has a sword.
Timothy Sackton: holds it up. It says this sort has served me well for many years. Now
Mike Sackton: I assume it's not what you do with that.
Mike Sackton: I guess I don't have mage site up right now.
Kate Sackton: I would give it magic to be a keener edge in your skilled hands.
Timothy Sackton: Impressive damage.
Timothy Sackton: I would see this
Kate Sackton: all right.
Kate Sackton: Well, I will perform a harnessing of divine power, I hope. unless it suddenly doesn't work here.
Kate Sackton: Which case could I do? The arrows first.
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: over the course of the next, you know half an hour you
Timothy Sackton: go down. You get the materials from the forage, and you start to make the arrows, and as you're
Timothy Sackton: sort of praying and casting the spell, he looks sort of taken and back, and he says
Timothy Sackton: he like shoes a bunch of the other works out, and he says
Timothy Sackton: I will overlook it at need.
Kate Sackton: But prayers are not usually welcomed here. I wasn't going to obviously pray, Tim.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean it's divine magic, right? You sort of have to pray.
Kate Sackton: but I was. I guess you could do it in. We have. I was gonna wait. Yes, I was gonna do it in dwarfish, and I was going to like wave a to token, object or something. Make it look all magicy, and let's say that. So he doesn't say that. Then. Okay, okay, I get that right.
Kate Sackton: I was looking at my spells to see what sort of like, you know, spell material object, type, things that might wave around looking magicy right.
Timothy Sackton: and says.
Timothy Sackton: This is impressive indeed.
Timothy Sackton: This will be a big help.
Timothy Sackton: and he, you know there's like a bunch of orcs that are sitting in, you know, binding arrows and fleshing them, and stuff.
Timothy Sackton: you know there's clearly like a full blown, you see, like a pile of plows that they're forging into weapons like this is the sense you get down here in the forges is that this is a.
Timothy Sackton: This is not a particularly and and honestly from looking at the gear the soldiers are carrying like this isn't this isn't like a professional army. Right These are.
Timothy Sackton: These are crudely made and quickly forged weapons at need. from whatever scraps of metal they have, and not, You know
Timothy Sackton: this isn't like a a laden store of hundreds or thousands of errors that they built up over years right like.
Timothy Sackton: but you do have with your spell.
Kate Sackton: So I make. So I, with my spell, make a big pile of arrow heads, and that's what he reacted to.
Kate Sackton: That's what he was pleased about. Yeah. So I asked. May I touch your sword?
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: So then again, without visibly praying that we spraying, monitoring a few words in DVD. Yes, the sword glow is.
Timothy Sackton: and he looks
Timothy Sackton: quite pleased.
Timothy Sackton: So this this means you give up your plus one to a C that you normally have, because you can't have 2 things blessed at once.
Kate Sackton: That's fine.
Timothy Sackton: And then you, how are you getting back to the ship?
Mike Sackton: I I did it. Don't worry about it. Who of us can fly?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can use. Well be
Timothy Sackton: well, being Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: how high up is the ship!
Timothy Sackton: Well, you can telepath the seeker to lower it down right. You just
Mike Sackton: well. Then, why don't. We just have a seeker fly it down and we'll climb on. Yeah, yeah, okay, I mean, I don't know. Maybe it's more impressive. I we're gonna it's gonna be at least an hour right? I can short rest after this. Right? Right? Let's just fly I
Mike Sackton: while we're standing there. I will just
Mike Sackton: butter a few words. I'll touch rizwin.
Mike Sackton: Well, why up into the air. But
Mike Sackton: did he flap
Mike Sackton: back? Okay, so as you fly up
Timothy Sackton: you then you I mean, you can see now the horse, the like rider that's that out.
Timothy Sackton: you know, bringing this message. and as you sly up into the air.
Timothy Sackton: come back to the ship. You you tell this to Seeker, who is looking
Timothy Sackton: like definitely has a lot of like
Mike Sackton: altitude sickness here.
Kate Sackton: I'm gonna keep the ship going while we're away. Maybe while we're flying up, I would like to take us an aside with my companions and ask if they think that I need to do a sort of healing intervention, because the seeker is clearly.
Kate Sackton: I don't know, like cursed by the
Kate Sackton: the witches
Kate Sackton: ice magic, or something like how how long you know. Oh, no.
Kate Sackton: he's not just airships
Kate Sackton: like.
At what point do I step in and against his will cure his
Mike Sackton: addiction to cold.
Timothy Sackton: interesting question. So you're gonna your plan is to just fly.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: I'll have this aside again when we all these around to have an opinion, because so apparently seekers are doubles of the Kenza's opinion is that he's fine.
Timothy Sackton: so it's a 120 miles straight to the straight to the
Timothy Sackton: to the capital.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: It's probably around
Timothy Sackton: 2, 30 in the afternoon. By the time you leave
Timothy Sackton: this fort.
Timothy Sackton: 120 miles would be 12 h, so you would be getting there
Mike Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: middle of the night.
Mike Sackton: and that's fine.
Timothy Sackton: Out
Mike Sackton: will descend at dawn.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean, have we outpaced the rider? We now
Timothy Sackton: you
Timothy Sackton: I? The the implication was that the message would should get there by morning.
Timothy Sackton: The rider would. you know, trade off horses halfway there. And okay.
Timothy Sackton: you know, somebody would ride through the night to get the message there, because it seemed urgent. Right? You can always watch for a messenger showing up in the city, and just not descend until you see it right
Timothy Sackton: as you're flying this evening is also the evening when you had told
Timothy Sackton: Dolvera and Olga that never scrib them to get their research. So let's do that.
Timothy Sackton: So you scry Offgar first.
Timothy Sackton: and you see him pacing clearly a bit nervous. This, like your dwarf Scholar Dude
Timothy Sackton: keeps glancing about like he's in a small room, clearly a a private study or something, and scattered across his desk are like 10 pages of notes, all sort of scribbled and written in porfish, and he's sort of glancing around them and like then he's not. Looks like he's not really sure if he's supposed to be
Timothy Sackton: looking at the notes, or looking up in the sky or sitting, and he doesn't quite know what to do with himself, and he's certainly like a bit.
Timothy Sackton: you know, nervous and uncertain.
Timothy Sackton: and but
Timothy Sackton: you're able to read his notes as he's sort of right
Timothy Sackton: pacing around and and and most of them. So you had asked him about a poly on a Polyon's magical artifacts in the history of Drank, or
Timothy Sackton: and the first thing he he has written is
Timothy Sackton: that i'm not doing this again.
Timothy Sackton: and then you can see most of his notes. Talk about 2 artifacts, a sceptre, and a cloak.
Timothy Sackton: although he also writes that in the last decade of a polyon's rule is shrouded in mystery, and
Timothy Sackton: there's a few surviving accounts of drank Koreans fleeing the destruction of drank, or and they talk about 4, or sometimes 3, or maybe 5 relics of of a Polyons might.
Timothy Sackton: But there is the most information, apparently, about this scepter, and the cloak
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice. Lay it on us. The cloak has rumors of a fay-while connection, and Ulcar has marked an underlying several scribbled notes.
Timothy Sackton: refer it to 2 different scholars, that suggest a poly, and stole, or begged, or created, or otherwise acquired, the mantle of protection from the Fay wild
she.
Timothy Sackton: There's also several cryptic references to the people of the rainbow associated with the cloak and all scars written fay question, mark here and destroyed by a poly on question, Mark. But it seems there's no real solid information
Timothy Sackton: about the scepter. It said that none could disobey a direct order from a polyon while he bore it.
Timothy Sackton: but all scar seems to have been more fascinated with the cloak, but clearly like there's like pages of notes with like lines drawn between them. whereas the scepter just has this one. You know rumors of
Timothy Sackton: power, of command, sort of thing.
section.
Timothy Sackton: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are there more details on what the cloak does, how it can be used, how it can be destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: He does have notes on destroying powerful magic items
Timothy Sackton: arm, and he's listed a numbered list with like scribbles around it, of rumored tales of such such destruction, all of which the items to be destroyed were taken to another plane, usually one of the elemental planes
Timothy Sackton: where they were destroyed, and then never seen again in in Talgar. and he mentions that 2 of these tales involved the plane of fire. What involves the plane of air.
Timothy Sackton: one the plane of water, and to a place called Limbo, which is a primordial plane of chaos.
Timothy Sackton: And he's gone into a great detail here, like there's like notes drawn and stattered like he's trying to
Timothy Sackton: rationalize, which items are destroyed by which
Timothy Sackton: place and it's like metal equals fire question, mark.
Timothy Sackton: and it's like.
Timothy Sackton: you know, Limbo equals anything. Question mark air like 3 question Marks
Timothy Sackton: wind, maybe lightning.
Timothy Sackton: And then he's like underlined water.
Timothy Sackton: and he has written
Timothy Sackton: like at it. Why would you take
Timothy Sackton: a staff to the plane of water to destroy it. Question, Mark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: And he seems to have spent most of his time like figuring out these different planes as well as the fay-while connection with the If he was really interested in the cloak did he have like a fabric destroyed by
Timothy Sackton: No, he couldn't he? There was actually a line
Timothy Sackton: from the cloak to the planes, and and then it's written like fabric question, mark where dot dot.
Timothy Sackton: And then he also sort of as an afterthought. He has a page of
Timothy Sackton: like several pages where he's written tranquilian history and big letters underlined, and then listed Cavarios chronicles of drank or period, and then he just has a list of like
Timothy Sackton: 50 emperors of drank, or their names, and the dates in which they were emperors, which i'm not going to read to you. But if that matters.
Timothy Sackton: you have that information
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: great.
Timothy Sackton: and then you scry on Govier
UU Church of Boulder: and i'm sorry, Tom, were we just looking at
Timothy Sackton: That's Offgar
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seekers friend and chart. So the the brief synopsis, it's a the cloak is a fay cloak that that a polyan got through negotiation, barter, or something with fake people. And there's like some children of the rainbow that are related to the cloak that are dead alive. Who knows?
Kate Sackton: Clearly connected to these
UU Church of Boulder: you think good thing I got is still alive. We can go. Ask her.
Mike Sackton: No. Oh, yeah, God is still I now, while she's sort of still, If
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so. Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: but it also said, Sorry. Just just to put it in the same text. So it sounds like
UU Church of Boulder: we're not going to be able to just throw everything in a big volcano.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Mike Sackton: you need to go to the right plane.
Mike Sackton: We gotta. We gotta get the planar portal installed on our ship, so that we can go
Mike Sackton: travelling through the elemental plane of air and water and things like that.
Kate Sackton: If the scepter is metal, so we can put that in the volcano.
Kate Sackton: and I'm still thinking to be fire for the fabric too, personally. But that seems to be the conclusion of off guard's research, although
Timothy Sackton: so go there in contrast, is sitting in the archives reading, and he's written a neat letter that's spread out over 4 pages of text
Timothy Sackton: laid out nicely, clearly visible and easy to read.
Timothy Sackton: and the latter starts by apologizing for the lack of information. The archives have little to say about free Dunmari history, and a few colleagues suggested that he find
Timothy Sackton: Carvario is chronicles of drank, or but he didn't have time to locate a copy. Yeah. you hope you might at least find more information about the mantle of protection.
Timothy Sackton: But the records from before the great war are badly disorganized, and men require careful handling.
and so he needs more time.
Timothy Sackton: and then he notes.
Timothy Sackton: If you are well, if you are able and willing to check again in a week, I may know more. I mean he's underlined that neatly written.
Timothy Sackton: and then, he says, goes into detail. He did note one odd detail in his reading For many years after the great war. The Mysti of Bishhma maintained an outpost near Carson in the blasted plains.
Timothy Sackton: and that many, many of their order traveled widely across the former land of De Noir, seeking lost souls and unmarked dead, and putting them to rest.
Timothy Sackton: And occasionally strange travelers would come to the monastery. and he says that in one of the earliest record books of the monastery, dating from no more than 20 years after the great war.
Timothy Sackton: he finds a mention of a strange man, a foreigner, traveling with 2 companions, a stone born man and a human woman.
Timothy Sackton: The man said his name was Jacques, and he was from the north. Near is in gay. His home was destroyed in the war. and he and and companions had set out, having nothing left to make their mark in the world.
Timothy Sackton: They had fought their way past the bitter knife, hop goblins, and hope to rest and recover for a few days in safety.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Jacques claimed that they were seeking a ring, an ancient artifact of drink, or that allowed the wearer to cheat death.
Timothy Sackton: He said that, according to the bitter knife, hobgoblin, Shamat had taken this ring from a dead drink, Korean Emperor, and given it to a lieutenant of his. He used it to rouse the dead of drank or itself.
Timothy Sackton: and this is where the vast Undead armies that overwhelm drank are, or dun mar, and then eventually the Istibar Alliance and Isn't Gay itself came from
Timothy Sackton: where and where it had fallen when Schumat was slayed. None new. But this is where they were heading south into the desert to seek it and destroy it.
Timothy Sackton: and Jock showed the monks a vial of this bubbling black license
Timothy Sackton: liquid, which he called the devouring venom. claiming it was a poison distilled from an ancient black dragon that could solve anything it touched. no matter how strong or magical it was.
Timothy Sackton: As far as Gover could tell. Shock and his companions never returned from the desert.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. So where is this? Where is this acid? Where is this dragon acid, Don't? We have a violin back
Mike Sackton: now?
Mike Sackton: No, you have a vial of something from some demon's demon's blood from the Knowles. So so we have to find it. It's not the right public. We have to find Jacques file.
Mike Sackton: and then sneak it in your garage, and then just
Mike Sackton: crack it over Garage's hand and dissolve the ring.
Kate Sackton: Well, you know me pointing out. You have options. If we can't get to a handy, appropriate ring destroying plane, maybe there's some poison dragon goo we can
Kate Sackton: source instead.
Timothy Sackton: And then, on the last page of the letter he writes about Toka. He says that he is scared, and he does not know what will happen, but the air is tense.
Timothy Sackton: Lock, and monks have remained in the monastery, and rumors of war are everywhere. Kalaya, the temple administrator, has declared token a city of sanctuary and forbidden weapons from being carried inside the walls.
Timothy Sackton: blaming that she serves the gods first and foremost, and she will not have bloodshed in the city so close to Soccer's Day. But Gov. Your rights. The temple guard is small, and cannot stop an army should they wish to overwhelm the city.
Timothy Sackton: and he signs off saying. blessings of the gods with view, and may lock a guide, your choices and vision.
Timothy Sackton: and a wish that this information is useful to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's great.
Timothy Sackton: Then the night passes.
Timothy Sackton: You last fitfully, as the airship travels, seeker keeping
Timothy Sackton: the ship going in the night.
Timothy Sackton: And you see, as you, as you drift over the dark mountains below, you few lights or fires burning anywhere
Timothy Sackton: except in the city
Timothy Sackton: where there is.
Kate Sackton: hey? Tim?
Kate Sackton: Yeah. So so we're going to get a long rest, or we're anticipating a long rest before I even get at your long rest right now before I go to bed. I also just grab some metals that we must have some metal at some point. Yeah, and do another
Kate Sackton: arrow hadn't making because it's i'm going to. Why not use up on my for the yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: sleeping on a ship safely.
Timothy Sackton: So you sleep. And the next morning
Timothy Sackton: the sun rises
Timothy Sackton: over
Timothy Sackton: the city of
But
Timothy Sackton: it is good car.
Timothy Sackton: and you can see you actually see the the
Timothy Sackton: dust of a rider riding it speed from the West, which you presume is the messenger.
Timothy Sackton: As you wait
Timothy Sackton: an hour for them to
Timothy Sackton: arrive and and pass on their letter.
Timothy Sackton: and by, you know, 8 or so.
Timothy Sackton: as the sun has risen and the day is full light.
Timothy Sackton: you figure it's.
Timothy Sackton: You know the message has been received, and it's safe to descend. Should you wish to. They're still quite high up, so you know, visible, but not
Timothy Sackton: clearly big.
UU Church of Boulder: How big is the city like? We were to ask to make population
Timothy Sackton: a 1,000 1,500 people. It's not big. It's not huge.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's it's no bigger than but
Timothy Sackton: substantial market town in. Say, Sambara, where you grew up
Timothy Sackton: dun mar doesn't really have cities in the same way. I mean, they have like cities, but they're not an urban culture
Timothy Sackton: way, smaller than like anywhere you would have passed through in the
Timothy Sackton: Chassea River Valley near Chart and right this is this would hardly. you know, be noted as a significant town and in the heart of the Tardonian Empire.
Timothy Sackton: But I mean you can see here in the heart that there's quite a lot of farmland and and cattle land in particular, in little villages like this. Seems doesn't. Seem like there's you know there's probably.
Timothy Sackton: you know. thousands of Oricks living here. They're just a very rural society.
Timothy Sackton: probably not a 100,000.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long do we think they've been around again
Timothy Sackton: since the Great War. 150 years is what the commander and the fort said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Mike Sackton: I was. You have a timeline somewhere. You must have one somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you? I just bring. I always forget about dates.
Mike Sackton: I have a hard time keeping straight. How long it go, things where it doesn't really matter?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: You know the years and they all history-wise, or like campaign wise. No, no, no. History-wise.
Mike Sackton: Just like
Mike Sackton: yeah, I I do. But I don't have it like nicely formatted for the website like When did the How long ago was the Fire Giant coming through here right and like, when was like the end of the all the bad stuff. So the Great War was 200. It was almost exactly 200 years ago. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: and the Fire Giant was like 10 years after the great. Okay. Okay. So the 150 years is really like after the blood year. It's not. Yeah. Okay.
Mike Sackton: So so we're gonna lay it, and we're gonna
Mike Sackton: land right like
UU Church of Boulder: what we said.
UU Church of Boulder: They have misunderstood. I thought we were meeting like the the next level chieftain. But it sounds like we're we're meeting the chief.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's what we want.
Mike Sackton: That's what we want. Yeah.
yeah, it's great.
UU Church of Boulder: I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, of course they have the cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or a likely to have the book, or at least
Mike Sackton: let's take a few minutes and think about
Mike Sackton: what we're doing here.
Kate Sackton: So you disagree with my
Mike Sackton: wait. What was your strategy?
Kate Sackton: My strategy is to convince them to let us help them
Kate Sackton: by taking whatever seems like a reasonable defensive
Kate Sackton: part in their battle. wait for things to totally go wrong and grab the cloak before it all goes wrong. So Rosh never actually gets it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but like, betray them.
Kate Sackton: No like when they're dead like. If they can't, if they can't protect it themselves. then we take it instead of gosh, taking it.
Mike Sackton: bite the doomed war. Let them die like gosh! Do our dirty work for us.
Mike Sackton: and well, I mean, take that. But give them a chance to win
Kate Sackton: the the best chance we can of getting them. I would like, I mean, if we take the cloak from them now is garage going to not kill them like, is it? No, they'll kill themselves. But, Brisbane, how how do we even know where the cook is, or who has it? Is it worn?
Kate Sackton: This is why we're going to go meet the guy and tell him it's in danger, and find out their plans for protecting it and get on the Buddy Buddy, with the like cloak protecting team
UU Church of Boulder: with this, except that
UU Church of Boulder: I
UU Church of Boulder: I never thought I would say that I don't want to see orcs die
UU Church of Boulder: in, master.
but I don't know that the threat is the army as much as cadmos and team teleporting and grabbing it and teleporting back out again
UU Church of Boulder: right so for me that seems like a bigger risk one that we shouldn't wait for the war
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right? Well, that's that's the that is a very good point, and like should be the other part of our plan is to be on the like
Kate Sackton: team protecting the cloak. Let's let's. This is why we're telling the guy that it's about the main objective right? And I I agree. But
Mike Sackton: and and then what if
Mike Sackton: garage comes? And
Mike Sackton: Codmos comes to try and take the cloak, and we stop them, and
Mike Sackton: half of these works die, and garage is stalemated, and
Mike Sackton: and then what
Kate Sackton: both grass is still mated, only half the orcs die. The cloak is not in the hands of garage. The cloak is not in the hands of Cadmus.
Mike Sackton: We keep it bad. If half the orcs die, Crash is not stonated.
UU Church of Boulder: Question
UU Church of Boulder: double the size of his army.
Kate Sackton: unless they have some sort of anti-
Mike Sackton: I think going to stop trying to get the cloak.
Mike Sackton: Well, this is not only attack right. It's his first attack. Let's think this through
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: logically, one step at a time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Kate Sackton: So what we're doing
Mike Sackton: Well, First
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's stick it through right. So we have a couple options
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when we talk with the Orc leader, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They are either going to be able to tell us if we have build enough trust with them. They can tell us a little bit more about the actual details of the club. They may or may not do that. It may be very, very, very hard for them to do. You may not be able to learn anything more about where it is, if it's truly, unless there's ways to learn about it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like if we're able to learn about in a subterfuge way, we can clarify, or like, ascertain its location, etc.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it feels like there's only 2
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: major routes here. Is there? One route is, if we can manage to convince them, to give us the quote.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have no idea if that's even a possibility. But could they potentially be convinced to just give us the cloak, if they understood that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that that might be an option without them, their whole civilization being destroyed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The second option is, do we just take a cloak like? Do we actually just just do it ourselves, and take the cloak
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right. The third option, I think Rizman, is what you're saying, which is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we fight with us like we fight alongside them, and then, if they lose the battle. Then in that chaos. We take the club now.
Mike Sackton: But what if they win? The battle is what i'm trying to ask.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, they will get them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, if they win the battle and garage is defeated, then they can cloak. Why can't they keep a quote? Because a polyan will send somebody in a month.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then we them off. Then
Mike Sackton: we can't stay here forever fighting off.
Kate Sackton: Could we convince them, after a successful joint battle, where we actually make a strong contribution that turns the tide
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that maybe we need to take the cloak someplace else, because this is just going to keep coming. And this is no way to live. What the problem is, it would be in a better
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: place to convince them, then the challenges in all like that and cloak is tied intimately to their nature of their civilization.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, Likely that taking the cloak means that they will know they will no longer be able to exist as as civilization.
UU Church of Boulder: Right? Yes, or maybe maybe they already aren't works anymore. I mean, maybe after 150 years cut off from their god.
UU Church of Boulder: you know, taking the cloak away. They're still cut off from their
Mike Sackton: and I mean
Mike Sackton: quick question.
Mike Sackton: The the taunchy are still a rab right like I mean there's No, there's been no lack of divine connection. I mean Risen would also presumably know this right like it's not like we feel cut off from the gods right true, so far, so far.
Mike Sackton: I guess we ate. Our first step
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: has got to be to learn more right. Why, he didn't understand the net, if it's possible for the cloak to, even to to leave there this city at all for them. Is that just even possible?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because if it's not, then
Kate Sackton: which they may also not know.
Kate Sackton: But after a horrible battle, where, like we barely get through it, they might be willing to experiment.
Kate Sackton: whereas probably right now, if we say, hey, can we take your cloak? They'll probably say no.
Mike Sackton: So So that suggests kind of a our one is. Try and gain their trust and learn what we can
Mike Sackton: part. 2 is when that doesn't work
Mike Sackton: try and actually gain their trust by fighting with them. and then we end up with 2
Mike Sackton: options they lose, in which case we try to salvage something from defeat by taking the cloak on our way out.
Mike Sackton: or they win. in which case we hope that we have now earned much more of their trust, and they will open up to us about what's going on. We could have a frank discussion about
Mike Sackton: the fact that you need to do something
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well. But I don't understand if if Garage's garage appears to be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Apollon's chief lieutenant, and this is their major force right here. If we defeat them here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, sure they may send somebody later. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know we've protected. We've protected the the you know we've we've we've achieved our main objective for now.
Kate Sackton: but we're probably not going to defeat them unless, like
Kate Sackton: Denmark, comes to our 8 or something, because
Mike Sackton: and I also don't know also, but also for now
UU Church of Boulder: I mean to risk this point on the scale of god's.
UU Church of Boulder: If we, we. you are successful for a year. A decade, a century
UU Church of Boulder: has that made that much of a difference. I'm not sure.
Mike Sackton: and and I don't know if garage is even a poly on's main lieutenant, I mean. I don't know how much of Fausto's strength has been
Mike Sackton: sent into play here.
Mike Sackton: Cadmos is marching, but not a large number of people from Chardon.
Mike Sackton: If the frontal assaults fails, maybe the next step is
Kate Sackton: Chardonian assault.
Mike Sackton: Teleportation mages right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, look. There's 2 possibilities right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there. There. One possibility is parting with the cloak
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: causes their whole civilization it fall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other possibility is that there's some way in which the cloak can leave. and the civilization does not fall us, taking the cloak that our purpose is to destroy the cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if it's, if if it's possible to take the cloak and for the civilization to continue
Mike Sackton: wonderful. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but if not, then
Mike Sackton: and yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do. Do we just take the cloak now, you know, do we just go and just just do it subterfuge, and just just try to steal it. You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: I mean well.
Kate Sackton: I think so. Want to help thinking that i'm having enough trouble convincing seeker to destroy the staff, and I very close with him. I don't know how I can convince a bunch of orcs. Let me destroy your smoke.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, this is why Soaker is not carrying the subject.
Timothy Sackton: Is
Kate Sackton: this one to to your question earlier.
and knowing that we're
Do you know that
UU Church of Boulder: seeker is cursed.
UU Church of Boulder: or is he just weird?
Kate Sackton: I kind of I mean.
Kate Sackton: if I did a spell, or or
Kate Sackton: blessing, or something that
Kate Sackton: didn't have any effect. I would feel a lot better
Kate Sackton: then, if I don't try, and he spirals into even more like utter dependence on being at high altitudes and eating snow and
Kate Sackton: not wearing clothes anymore. And whatever else is going on with this physiology that's I mean.
Kate Sackton: not normal dwarfish behavior
UU Church of Boulder: like it.
Kate Sackton: I mean, if he's undergoing some sort of peaceful metamorphosis into a frost giant. And we're okay with that, you know.
Kate Sackton: But is it a peaceful metamorphosis, or is he being kind of taken over by whatever was in the ice cubes. By the curse
Kate Sackton: which lady
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a new cure
Kate Sackton: I won't know until I try.
UU Church of Boulder: I should. We just preventatively, can you remove curses on all of us? But just in case, like like a lice check for the whole classroom like that, like just a course of antibiotics.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remove curse.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, why not?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're curse vaccines, right?
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: I mean, we were just all talking about the wearables, and it just made us think, you know.
Kate Sackton: isn't it so reassuring
Kate Sackton: not be cursed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: back to that warm. Should we go? Talk to the or
Mike Sackton: I think we should go talk to the arc.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: and let's show our cards from the outset this time, except the part about the staff and the destroying the cloak
UU Church of Boulder: and the
UU Church of Boulder: artifacts of an ancient god coming back.
Mike Sackton: Well, I think the whole I think the whole point of this conversation is to say, what crash is really after is this cloak? What do you know about it? Is it in danger? What happens to you if
Mike Sackton: there's an easy end to getting information? Which is, we are worried. That garage is after this cloak.
Mike Sackton: The one thing we don't mention is the fact that 2 things we don't mention that we have the sceptre.
Mike Sackton: and that we kind of think the cloak maybe needs to be destroyed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: by the way, for the purposes for this moment should we leave the scepter like up in the airship with
Timothy Sackton: seeker. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I guess no riz would remove curse on him, too.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there is an alternative approach here which is, we take the scepter, and we order this work person to give us the cloak.
Kate Sackton: Oh, no, it
Mike Sackton: I think that's not an unreasonable.
Mike Sackton: What's the worst thing that happens if somebody attunes to the scepter, I mean, I've been waiting for over a year for you to try. It's like I was like this close to doing it when we first got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the hell? Yeah, Why not? Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: What's the worst thing that can happen? It's our ace and the whole literally, and if if everything goes wrong we can always pull it out.
Mike Sackton: All right, let's let's. So. So
Mike Sackton: let's go.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. you descend.
Timothy Sackton: And as you I mean as the airship lowers. You can see there's like clearly
Timothy Sackton: people watching, and there's
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: commotion, and a small group of soldiers rides out or marches out from the
Timothy Sackton: city to meet you, and and the city is like
Mike Sackton: It's it's much.
Timothy Sackton: The fort was very up. functional, if colorful. whereas this city is much more
Timothy Sackton: decorative. But there are walls, but they don't seem to be very well maintained.
Timothy Sackton: and there are, I mean, there's again, it's not huge right, like Probably a 1,000 people could live here at most. But there's a wide street that runs from the main gates of the walls, up to a a large open plaza, at the head of which stands
Timothy Sackton: on this mud brick.
Timothy Sackton: Alice, of sorts, with, you know, 2 sort of large
Timothy Sackton: towers on the front of the facade. and everything is, you know, everything is done in these sort of multicolored bricks. Right? The palace has this a very elaborate fresco on the front of it, done
Timothy Sackton: in tiny painting Bricks seems to be depicting like scenes from their history, or something you see Orcs fighting. you see, like a
Mike Sackton: you know, the city being planted in this red and gold
Timothy Sackton: there, this red and gold banner being like planted in the ground.
Timothy Sackton: presumably some one of the orcs depicted here as it was. Gosh!
Timothy Sackton: And as you land the 8 soldiers that have come out to meet you.
Timothy Sackton: one of them steps forward and speaks in halting common.
Timothy Sackton: and she says
you
Timothy Sackton: welcome strangers at the city of it is good car.
Timothy Sackton: Chief Lubash will speak with you.
Timothy Sackton: and she gestures and said something, and in orcish to
Timothy Sackton: one of the soldiers. She says you may not enter the city armed.
Timothy Sackton: My companions will wait here
Timothy Sackton: beneath your flying castle.
Timothy Sackton: watching anybody actually bring weapons down here. We just leave them all in the jell up my staff this time on the ship. Okay.
you.
Timothy Sackton: she motions for you to follow.
Timothy Sackton: and 2 of the guards remain watching the other 6 lead you into the.
Timothy Sackton: into, the into the city.
Timothy Sackton: and you you pass pass through the gates, and you see there's you know. There's a a decent population, you see.
Timothy Sackton: you see, Orcs sort of hang out of the windows watching you like little kids running in the street like pale green skin.
Timothy Sackton: It's his tusks haven't grown in yet. I'm running in.
Timothy Sackton: Mostly. Everybody is wearing sort of a brightly colored like light cotton tunics cloaks.
Timothy Sackton: and and you're being led to the palace.
Timothy Sackton: And this this guard takes you to a small room. and says
Timothy Sackton: the chief has
Timothy Sackton: many demands on his time.
Timothy Sackton: But please wait, and he will see you as soon as he can.
Timothy Sackton: shuts the door
Timothy Sackton: and locks it, and bars it from the outside as she leaves.
He
Timothy Sackton: and you wait
Timothy Sackton: and wait.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll just do a practice run of unlocking it while we wait, and i'll lock it again, but just to
UU Church of Boulder: be ready if we need to get out in a hurry.
Timothy Sackton: Make a luck picking check.
Mike Sackton: There's so many ways we could get through a door.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like what?
Mike Sackton: How tight fitting is it?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's not airtight. It's there's gaps.
UU Church of Boulder: Is that thieves tool. Yeah, these tools.
Timothy Sackton: In any case.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the lock is probably not that challenging for you?
Timothy Sackton: The door is also barred from the outside, and with your 8 strength you are not. You can't lever it up from the inside
Timothy Sackton: and you wait.
But let's start
Timothy Sackton: 17. Yeah, you can. You can get it to you like fiddle with it. It unlocks and you can lock it again. But again the bar is a larger challenge. Should you wish to? Yeah, get out?
Timothy Sackton: You wait 2 h pass
Timothy Sackton: 3 h.
Timothy Sackton: 4 h.
UU Church of Boulder: No. this is not right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: What? Yeah, No.
Let's that. We'll. We's gonna just knock on the door.
Kate Sackton: We try that at like 3 h. That 3 h you knock on the door. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: you here! What steps? And then a key turning in the lock and a thud.
Timothy Sackton: and the door swings open, and a
Timothy Sackton: a guard is standing there.
Timothy Sackton: It kind of shrugs
Timothy Sackton: emotions like eating, and like sort of
Timothy Sackton: drinking.
Mike Sackton: bring us food. Or is he saying that's what the
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's offering you refreshments
Mike Sackton: like asking. Are you hungry? Basically, I'll? I'll cast tongues.
Mike Sackton: and then I will tell him
Mike Sackton: we have West stream, Lea.
Mike Sackton: What if it runs out? And then you can't talk to the well. All short rest as soon as I catch it. We're just sitting here.
Mike Sackton: I I have 2 slots, so I can. One is my emergency
Mike Sackton: right? I will tell him
Mike Sackton: we have extremely urgent business.
Mike Sackton: Time is of the essence. Does he know you know
Mike Sackton: What's the schedule here.
Timothy Sackton: this
UU Church of Boulder: Tell them, move late in the airship. They can let us know when they're ready.
UU Church of Boulder: This is This seems less than ideal.
Mike Sackton: I'll tell him if
Mike Sackton: If it is inconvenient for Lubesh to see us today. we will return to the airship.
Mike Sackton: and he can let us know when it is convenient in return.
Timothy Sackton: He kind of looks at you, and he's.
Timothy Sackton: I kind of not sure what to say.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: looking at you all kind of in awe.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think I can stop you.
Timothy Sackton: I was told to keep you here.
Mike Sackton: You give our message to somebody, please.
Mike Sackton: You must have a commanding officer.
Timothy Sackton: He looks sort of nervous.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: he like looks around like really, uncomfortably
UU Church of Boulder: like going to like, try and shut the door again. Is there a sense of like? Is there a way to get a feel for what that nervousness is about. Is this just like
UU Church of Boulder: I am a peon stuck between a rock and a hard place? Or is this, so make it make an insight. Check
Timothy Sackton: comes out with advantage. If you're so citing or wellbey doesn't matter. Yeah, I mean, he is basically like
Timothy Sackton: peon stuck between a rock and a hard place, he was told. We've watch. Keep them here, and keep watch, and
Timothy Sackton: thought you were like hungry, or something when you knocked in the door and
Timothy Sackton: is like I can't stop you. I'm not gonna like swing my sort of you. You look way stronger than me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I rolled it out, but also like clearly, I'm failing in my orders. If you just walk out, I I roll the natural 20. I see. All
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, this is your sense.
UU Church of Boulder: So it's not that there is no
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like. What am I gonna do about this above my pay grade? So we just.
Kate Sackton: or he could just point us the way to Lubash's chambers.
Mike Sackton: Well wait. And are we leaving right away, or we? I feel like this is
UU Church of Boulder: we need to. My my worry was that we were just being stuck in a prison, that this was a con that something was up. This
Mike Sackton: I feel like we give it a few more hours. Yeah, I mean, I feel like we could give it another hour or 2 at least. And then, reassess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright.
UU Church of Boulder: Do you want food?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for some of your orquish cuisine
Mike Sackton: probably better when I out. But the off mix. Yeah. Well, if I give you a walk.
Mike Sackton: no breakfast for you tomorrow, Kenza.
Timothy Sackton: I fast in the morning. Anyways, he closes the door behind you and bars it again, and then walks off.
UU Church of Boulder: Watch out there. He'll whack you for that kind of behavior.
Timothy Sackton: About
Timothy Sackton: 15 min later he comes back.
Timothy Sackton: opens the door again. He sets out this like like thin sort of flatbread Peter Bread type something.
Timothy Sackton: but like rolled thin, and then like diced raw with like spices and stuff
Timothy Sackton: some the in classes. Sorry I, Mcmahon mugs, I guess
Timothy Sackton: best available on short notice.
Mike Sackton: he says in Orkish, which I guess you can still understand, because it's only been 15 min. Yep.
Timothy Sackton: I hope it will be satisfying to you the again. He looks kind of in awe, all of you, and kind of backs off. shuts the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have ways to cook this meat.
You
Mike Sackton: You're not interested in trying it as as they would serve it. Does it look like a Does it look like a like kind of like a sashimi kind of situation, or is it sort of like? Literally, it looks kind of like.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it looks. I mean, it's like diced fine and like
Timothy Sackton: very thin, small, like thin sliced dice, mixed with like herbs and spices. Right? What's what's it? Taste like? Then it's different. It's it's pretty good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess I mean it's like it has a strong flavor.
UU Church of Boulder: And so how how poisoned is it, Would you say?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean definitely a dullest food is more poison than this. This is quite. But Kenza is immune to poison
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and fear. No, not me to fear. But but you're immune to poison, so it could be totally poisoned, and it wouldn't make any difference to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's great. It's great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: highly recommended. Kenza goes back for seconds.
Kate Sackton: This another
Timothy Sackton: hour or so passes it's now about 1 30. When it knocked, another knock comes the door.
Timothy Sackton: and he opens the door.
Timothy Sackton: The same guard. Any sort of motions as an orchest
Timothy Sackton: lubash is ready. Chief Lubash is ready to speak to you now.
Mike Sackton: All right. Will you go away?
UU Church of Boulder: Let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: He leads you down a hallway into
Timothy Sackton: a large chamber.
Timothy Sackton: As you approach. as you begin to approach the chamber. Maybe I don't know. 50 feet down from the door.
Timothy Sackton: rizwin and dawes at and Kenzo, you feel
Timothy Sackton: silence fall
Timothy Sackton: like the gods are, and the ta she are not here. The dwarven gods are not here.
Timothy Sackton: The Dunmari gods are not here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Complete
Timothy Sackton: silence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: strange sensation.
Timothy Sackton: The work doesn't seem to notice anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then leads you in. Well, he's got this he doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: No. You also notice, like you know, you always have the sense of like that half-laying sort of ancestral mind which
UU Church of Boulder: fades
UU Church of Boulder: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool
Timothy Sackton: and the door swings open and you see seated on a throne. But
so the room itself is quite elegant. It's, you know. There's 8 pillars, 4 on either side, that lead down this
Timothy Sackton: thrown room to
Timothy Sackton: a raised dias. Each pillar is painted a different color. So you have, like 8 colors of the rainbow.
Timothy Sackton: The ceiling itself is arched golden golden dome
Timothy Sackton: that seems to be
Timothy Sackton: like gilded, painted. Probably not. It's not actual gold. It's like gold paint or something like that, but it's reflective
Timothy Sackton: and shining almost like a sun motif. And there's these red and gold sort of diamond patterns that are
Timothy Sackton: painted along the along the ceiling, and there's banners hanging along
Timothy Sackton: color for restrictions of like moments, and
Timothy Sackton: you know of orcs of maybe previous rulers, or something like that woven
Timothy Sackton: out of cloth, and then died in this sort of elaborate manner.
Timothy Sackton: seated in the room on the throne.
Timothy Sackton: and then next to the throne, you see 3 orcs, one seated on the throne
Timothy Sackton: himself as an older man, presumably chiefly bosh. maybe in his late 50 S. Bald, with pale green skin. a heart face out out.
Timothy Sackton: prominent nose.
Timothy Sackton: short tusks.
Timothy Sackton: wearing sort of
Timothy Sackton: farmer clothes, not very fancy clothes, with iron boots, but
Timothy Sackton: draped over his shoulder. Is this shimmering rainbow cloak?
Timothy Sackton: Sitting next to him, a woman in her prime, wearing chainmail, a sword at her side.
Timothy Sackton: darker sort of almost greenish purple skin.
Timothy Sackton: prominent tusks, black, wiry hair, sort of tied up in a ponytail peaking out from under a helmet.
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: she's. She's standing
Timothy Sackton: sort of in front of the dias, and then sitting next to the chief, an older man.
Timothy Sackton: probably. I don't know it's hard to judge the age of Orcs.
Timothy Sackton: But green skin was sort of modeled black patches.
Timothy Sackton: thinning kind of
Timothy Sackton: her most straggly white hair.
Timothy Sackton: He's leaning on the chair, and there's a cane sort of prop. Next to this sort of wooden cherry, is sitting on next to the throne.
Timothy Sackton: and then standing in the
Timothy Sackton: back of the hall.
Timothy Sackton: our 6 guards.
Timothy Sackton: and as you're ushered in. the chief stands.
and as he stands he sort of
Timothy Sackton: swings the cloak around him.
Timothy Sackton: and you feel the silence of the gods grow oppressive.
Timothy Sackton: and he looks at you
Timothy Sackton: and emotions with his hand. and the guards leave
Timothy Sackton: any points.
Timothy Sackton: and there's like a
Timothy Sackton: you know it's like an audience chamber. So there's
Timothy Sackton: there's like a small table set up with chairs in front of it. Any points for you to set.
Timothy Sackton: and he says an Orc is.
Timothy Sackton: Do you speak our tongue?
Timothy Sackton: And then he shifts to common? Or should I speak in the simple language of the humans for your convenience.
Mike Sackton: I i'll say in Orkish.
Mike Sackton: I
Mike Sackton: speak your tongue. but my companions do not.
Mike Sackton: We would appreciate you. Speaking in
Mike Sackton: the language we can all understand.
Timothy Sackton: Set.
Timothy Sackton: It has a common.
Timothy Sackton: I am told you bear secret news
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to my souls item.
Timothy Sackton: Can't
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does he not have a salt
Timothy Sackton: reach out no key?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I access my own key.
Timothy Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we see him wearing a cloak?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, Look up.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, definitely. The cloak.
Mike Sackton: I'll start with saying garage the leader of the army.
Mike Sackton: It's coming this way for a very specific reason.
Mike Sackton: He seeks that
Timothy Sackton: this is known.
Mike Sackton: He i'll. Then
Mike Sackton: how about a polyod?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well wait. How do you intend to stop him
Mike Sackton: that? Well, you can jump in.
Timothy Sackton: He looks.
Timothy Sackton: He looks over at the woman
Timothy Sackton: he looks back at you.
Timothy Sackton: Why would we share our battle plans with you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you think you can stop him?
Timothy Sackton: I am here to hear your news. Is it simply that this demon seeks our treasures. or do you have more to say?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We fought as armies. We do have intimidated variation on how they fight
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: their strategies, their tactics, their powers.
Mike Sackton: He
Mike Sackton: telephone, sort of go out to Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: but jump in unless Kens is still talking.
Mike Sackton: that he carries a ring made by the same ancient Drake Koreans created that cloak. this ring he can raise
Mike Sackton: the Orcs who fall in battle to fight beside him.
Kate Sackton: But with that we just learned that that was a fake look that they stole not made. Wow.
Mike Sackton: Acquired. That's true. Yeah. Okay. Fine that that the the the who who i'm Blake on the word I want. But, like
Mike Sackton: assembled, assembled the artifacts
Timothy Sackton: he looks over at the older man
Timothy Sackton: who looks back.
Timothy Sackton: What is your which is the point of this information?
Kate Sackton: Having go ahead and say that the guy is going to be a threat, or i'll just say it.
Kate Sackton: You know the
Kate Sackton: power of the objects they already have combined with, were they to succeed with taking yours
Kate Sackton: would be. would not bode well for any of the peoples of this world. And so we
Kate Sackton: we seek to
Kate Sackton: keep that from happening.
Kate Sackton: Why would we not help you against such a
Kate Sackton: unwelcome thrust for power from
Kate Sackton: this army?
Timothy Sackton: He looks over at the woman.
Timothy Sackton: Should we wish to volunteer your might and arms. we will consider where you may be of use.
Timothy Sackton: but should you simply come here to tell us, my kingdom is in danger.
Timothy Sackton: See no.
Timothy Sackton: and see now what that contributes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, we we we AIM to help, we certainly that that is, we share a common enemy. This is this is of that. There's no dispute, and we're very
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I
Mike Sackton: what it sorry. Go ahead, will you, to
UU Church of Boulder: forgive me if the work here is business. and this takes us aside.
UU Church of Boulder: But I've traveled
many, many places and never heard the story of this kingdom, and i'd very much like to know
UU Church of Boulder: how it comes to be.
Timothy Sackton: He looks over it.
Timothy Sackton: am
Timothy Sackton: at the Alderman.
Timothy Sackton: kind of leans forward like leaning on his meaning like grabbing his cane a little bit
Timothy Sackton: and looks over it at the chief
Timothy Sackton: who nods.
Timothy Sackton: and the the old man begins to speak.
Timothy Sackton: He speaks with a clear but wavering voice, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: are history is no secret.
Timothy Sackton: You have not heard of us because we do not wish to be heard of.
Timothy Sackton: It was
Timothy Sackton: so.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: I'm just doing math in my head. He's not doing this. It was
Timothy Sackton: 8 generations ago
Timothy Sackton: when it was Gosh!
Timothy Sackton: Hero and warrior
Timothy Sackton: traveling in these lands
Timothy Sackton: recovered. What was ours
Timothy Sackton: any gestures
Timothy Sackton: at
Timothy Sackton: Lubos and the cloak
Timothy Sackton: until we
Timothy Sackton: How did it return to us? We could not build
Timothy Sackton: it's not safe to do so
Timothy Sackton: when
Timothy Sackton: our chained bread learn
Timothy Sackton: hidden
Timothy Sackton: smell, our freedom.
Timothy Sackton: But it was Gosh!
Timothy Sackton: He found this treasure of our people
Timothy Sackton: hidden in the desert, lost in the wars.
Timothy Sackton: and Slowly word went out
Timothy Sackton: to all the people of the Rainbow
Timothy Sackton: to travel through Shamat's death
Timothy Sackton: to find their way here, where we could be safe.
Timothy Sackton: and we have belt and grown and stayed hidden ever since.
Timothy Sackton: We have fought
Timothy Sackton: many wars, keeping our borders safe.
Timothy Sackton: The chained ones sometimes find us still. and all must be slaughtered or freed.
Timothy Sackton: or we risk our very civilization.
Timothy Sackton: So your news of threats?
Timothy Sackton: Well, it is nothing to us. We have stood against many threats.
Timothy Sackton: Is that what you wish to know
UU Church of Boulder: i'm grateful to hear the story.
Timothy Sackton: He sort of leans forward again, and he
Timothy Sackton: stands out slightly.
Timothy Sackton: The history of our people is a proud one.
Timothy Sackton: There are many stories I could tell.
Timothy Sackton: It has taken much time and effort to gather the lore of our scattered travels in the dark years.
Timothy Sackton: But I am proud to say we have
Timothy Sackton: now quite the record
Timothy Sackton: and many tales to share
Mike Sackton: the people of the Rainbow.
Mike Sackton: We're your people. The original makers of this clock.
Timothy Sackton: He looks over it
Timothy Sackton: at Lebosh. He sort of interrupts and says.
Timothy Sackton: Well, i'm sure. Lord, Master. as a gar would be willing to speak for hours on our history.
Timothy Sackton: I am
Timothy Sackton: uncertain, as if it should all be shared with you as of yet.
Timothy Sackton: but uncertain. If this is the most valuable use of our time right now.
Mike Sackton: I will be a
Mike Sackton: go ahead. We're here
UU Church of Boulder: because we believe the threat which approaches your diversity
UU Church of Boulder: is different in kind from any you've ever faced before this isn't the chain to orcs
this isn't that at all.
UU Church of Boulder: This is a restless god trying to wake back up again.
Mike Sackton: and by
UU Church of Boulder: gathering his powers to the
UU Church of Boulder: he won't stop or rest, or sleep, whether it's this generation or this year, or the next one. there's no
UU Church of Boulder: and to it this is different in kind.
UU Church of Boulder: We don't doubt your ability to
UU Church of Boulder: preserve your borders. We don't. Tell your ability to defend yourself against the chain doors. We don't tell you
UU Church of Boulder: to be here, but
that's not the threat that marches on you now.
Timothy Sackton: He looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: and he takes his hand and sort of wraps, the cloak around the front of him.
Timothy Sackton: A restless god, you say
Mike Sackton: a poly on
Mike Sackton: took this quote.
Timothy Sackton: I am not done speaking. He looks at Delaware. He looks at Rizwin.
Timothy Sackton: Do you hear any gods?
Mike Sackton: They are missing from this place.
Timothy Sackton: What power you think a restless God has over my kingdom?
Mike Sackton: Paulion is not, I think, a God.
UU Church of Boulder: A general might be wounded and resting in his tent, and his armies might triumph nonetheless.
Mike Sackton: but also Wait met again. We have no reason to think Apollon is dividing right.
Timothy Sackton: The story you heard is that he wanted to
Mike Sackton: become a god himself. He wanted to throw down the gods, but he didn't succeed right.
Mike Sackton: as far as you know. No, I mean I mean, presumably not because yeah, our working theory is Shamutt trapped him, and he's some sort of very powerful witch, right
Mike Sackton: aspirational god rather than wrestling. I have the reason to think the cloak would work against him because he stole the cloak from these people before
Mike Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: or he's still some fay before we're not really well, we're not, but that's where I was trying to go with the whole, Are they, anyway so
Mike Sackton: doubtful?
Mike Sackton: Go back to the story of a it's a I ask if you are the people of the Rainbow.
Mike Sackton: or we have learned that Apollon. the one who.
Mike Sackton: I think, last took this cloak from the people of the Rainbow.
Mike Sackton: is restless and awakening and seeking it anew.
Kate Sackton: Its very nature was not enough to protect him. protect it from being taken by him before
Mike Sackton: it. And surely. although he has not yet broken free of his prison. We fear that day is coming.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and he's sending his forces here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: his strongest forces Here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all of his magic was undead
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: arriving in days.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps you know all this. He looks over at
Timothy Sackton: at the lower master.
Timothy Sackton: and he kind of with a questioning look in his eyes.
Timothy Sackton: How
Timothy Sackton: how do you come by this information that a Polyon has returned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've seen them myself.
Mike Sackton: It would take some time to recount all of our investigations and encounters and learnings that have led to this understanding.
Mike Sackton: But we will, if you wish it.
Timothy Sackton: For this I have time convinced me.
UU Church of Boulder: Vincent Bell with
Kate Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: well tell him what we know. The only thing I'm going to leave out again is that we have theceptor and that we know anything about the sector.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I I tell him everything about the plaintiff, souls and garage, and the ring, and you know the end, or like his ability to raise the dead, and and also seeing a poly on
Mike Sackton: that was creepy and weird. I mean happy to tell them the story of Rye and the jade hand break, I assume all. But oh, no, no, we should not tell him that we should not tell him that
Mike Sackton: that we have anything to do with that polyhon
Mike Sackton: isn't that how we know almost everything, because Rye was trying to
Mike Sackton: hold the poly on, because Rye was holding the the well. But Kansas also saw a poly on in his spirit journey that's more direct.
Mike Sackton: Well, we could stick with that mostly. But busto we could tell the whole story of Fausto and yeah Shardin research.
Mike Sackton: the the like, the cleansed.
Mike Sackton: almost dying. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: The venturing parties seeking these artifacts in the desert. Yeah. And i'll be for us. And the fact that yeah is working for poly on these people are all hunting these things which and the those people that likely showed up and tried to like to like, infiltrate, you guys, and you kick them out so that that should confirm some stuff that they already know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come, all that
Timothy Sackton: make a makeup persuasion check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all of us.
Timothy Sackton: I, Dallas, can roll with advantage instead of all of you making
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 25. That's great.
Mike Sackton: The man just didn't help me but 25.
Timothy Sackton: He listens, and this tale goes on for an hour or more as you talk, and he
Mike Sackton: partly, I guess, tongues again, or can I not cast it?
Timothy Sackton: You can't cast anything.
Mike Sackton: Does that mean that all of my magic is divine magic?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it was always divine Magic wasn't it? I guess it was always defined magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He just didn't know it right
Timothy Sackton: after about an hour. He one of the you know the guards have stepped out of the room, but one of them sticks his head in, and and some refreshments that are brought, some some iced tea.
Mike Sackton: and some little like pastry snacks, and he continues to listen to the town.
Timothy Sackton: and as your tail concludes, he, he looks again at the lower master, and he says
Timothy Sackton: Polyon's return is indeed news.
Timothy Sackton: Shamat saved us from him once before.
Timothy Sackton: but he is gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like this.
Timothy Sackton: Well, this was like 700 years before you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: encountered him. I mean No, but I think it's great. I think this is. This is really good, really good love it!
There
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: were we foolish! Where Where were we at all foolish in high school? Did we? Were we on the wrong team
Timothy Sackton: he locks, and he he sort of
Timothy Sackton: leans over towards
Timothy Sackton: the woman, the the woman in chain mail
Timothy Sackton: and and sort of whisper something to her.
but
Timothy Sackton: and he turns, and he looks at you all, and he says
Timothy Sackton: he seems he like has a taste. For a moment he seems uncertain of himself. For the first time in the conversation he says.
Timothy Sackton: Paulion drove us into the wilderness before
Timothy Sackton: a 1,000 years ago or more.
You!
Timothy Sackton: This is indeed dire news.
Timothy Sackton: he seems not entirely sure. We will have to strategize and plan
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as we have a shared enemy and a shared cause
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for our understanding.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This cloak. What is its importance in your civilization? Is bits destroyed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Boris
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: garage is able to reclaim the cloak. What happens to you? What happens to your cities? What happens to your people.
Timothy Sackton: He looks over it
Timothy Sackton: at the general. the woman
you
Timothy Sackton: and he says, Well, I guess none of you understand orchest now. He says something in orchest
Timothy Sackton: quietly.
Timothy Sackton: and then she speaks back, and they seem to be having some sort of debate.
Timothy Sackton: And then he says something that you know makes it seem like he's ordering her.
Timothy Sackton: and she turns, and she looks at you, and she says.
Timothy Sackton: closes their eyes.
Timothy Sackton: I do not speak of my childhood lightly.
Timothy Sackton: I was born, chained.
Timothy Sackton: I suffered the rituals that bound me.
Timothy Sackton: If I think
Timothy Sackton: hard. we can still remember fire.
Timothy Sackton: They brought.
Timothy Sackton: My tribe was slaughtered by
Timothy Sackton: the chief's Father Car group
Timothy Sackton: deserve at least so.
Timothy Sackton: But when he strode in battle against me
Timothy Sackton: I was still young.
Timothy Sackton: and I felt that quiet.
Timothy Sackton: I lay down my weapons.
Timothy Sackton: Meek
Timothy Sackton: and I followed Cargo back.
Timothy Sackton: and he took me to the plaza. and he severed the chains.
Timothy Sackton: took me a long time to walk to learn to walk again free.
Timothy Sackton: and those
Timothy Sackton: fires still burn sometimes
Timothy Sackton: or without the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: I could never have been free.
Timothy Sackton: All of our brethren
Timothy Sackton: chained across the world
Timothy Sackton: left to their fate when
Timothy Sackton: Shabbat's attempt to kill the gods failed.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: hey, I wouldn't have been all good Orx would have been better off, but not the halflings.
UU Church of Boulder: That is what is at stake.
UU Church of Boulder: I don't know if this is a good moment I have to take like a 10 min break to get Matthew down for bed. It's it's a good.
but I also don't want to interrupt the
Timothy Sackton: so. Here can we pause for you? And I didn't. Yeah, wow, I
Timothy Sackton: we could I I I mean, I'm. Now i'm totally awake since I've been dming for 3 h, but I did want to end on the early side.
Timothy Sackton: It's.
Timothy Sackton: but I can go till midnight if we want to take a 10 min break, and then then wrap up. If for half an hour. If that works for people, or if you want to just go for 20 min and then call it a night, I could do that, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's best for Matthew.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I should go up and get him into bed right now.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay, so like My, that is super easy, like if if okay.
UU Church of Boulder: you gotta keep rolling while i'm away there.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, we that's a that's a good moment to pause. We can pause for 10 min, and then we'll go for half an hour after that to wrap up the conversation. Okay.
Kate Sackton: or 25 min.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, maybe 25 min.
The
you that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we need to
it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your tosses.
but I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the
left.
How are you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: here?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You want me to cut the pair.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: David.
You
you
on my
please.
you
Timothy Sackton: hey?
Mike Sackton: Hey? All right.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: as
Timothy Sackton: the woman finishes her story.
Timothy Sackton: Lubash looks over at you
Timothy Sackton: first. He sort of nods to her, and says
Timothy Sackton: in Arkish
Timothy Sackton: few words and kind of puts, puts his hand on her
Timothy Sackton: the on our shoulder, and then looks at you, and says
Timothy Sackton: that is what the cloak means to us.
Mike Sackton: But and forgive me for asking such a blunt question. You would not all
Mike Sackton: be chained again should it disappear.
Timothy Sackton: A ritual only walks on infants.
Mike Sackton: so it would not, for example, collapse your defenses. Should somebody
Mike Sackton: come and take it weak point in your
Mike Sackton: beyond its symbols and powers of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the other. Love is kind of suspiciously, and then turns and listens to Kenza. This is just a if one of the fears is, we know that they are working with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: powerful sorcery powerful, and that, of course. the ability to teleport the ability to potentially penetrate your defenses and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: using advanced subterfuge trickery
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: potentially take the cloak even without a fight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so if that were to happen. we won't understand the consequences.
Timothy Sackton: or of these
Timothy Sackton: Chardonians, and he sort of spits, as he says that word
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's tried
Timothy Sackton: such a trick.
Timothy Sackton: disguise themselves with magic.
Timothy Sackton: Some arcane spell
Timothy Sackton: made them look like Orcs
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: They must have known of our history, for they
Timothy Sackton: came as
Timothy Sackton: lost travelers. People of the Rainbow themselves, who had been
Timothy Sackton: scattered to the winds for many years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The people of the Rainbow still exist.
Timothy Sackton: He kind of looks open, you know
Mike Sackton: these are the people of the Rainbow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry. What is that?
I do not believe that
Mike Sackton: the 4 who came were the most powerful
Mike Sackton: that could be set fear.
Mike Sackton: Fausto, for example. yields considerably more magic than I'm: sure they did. I mean, we would have told her Who? Yeah, yeah, you told them all. But
Timothy Sackton: we have
Timothy Sackton: watched for Treks
Timothy Sackton: teleportation. You speak of magical transportation. You mean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: such a thing. I do not know how to defend against.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's much powerful magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We faced their major and combat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and he's very powerful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pat Moses his name
time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in fact, he may be looking at and observing this conversation right now
Timothy Sackton: he looks kind of taken aback.
Timothy Sackton: How could he be doing such a thing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with magic? Not divine magic?
Mike Sackton: Does my shield still work?
Timothy Sackton: In what sense
Mike Sackton: the invisibility. Visibility.
Timothy Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: But hold on the spell didn't vanish when I came in range of him.
Timothy Sackton: Note.
Mike Sackton: Okay. and
Mike Sackton: I could check if he's doing such a thing I just need to to leave and come back.
Mike Sackton: Of course it's useless now that I've said that.
So.
Mike Sackton: oops
she.
Timothy Sackton: How long would it take
Mike Sackton: to do such a check.
Mike Sackton: Moments
Mike Sackton: blink of an eye
UU Church of Boulder: he looks over it
Timothy Sackton: at.
Mike Sackton: But can you dismiss crying
Mike Sackton: as it I? And you could just yes, so if he was crying us, it's pointless because he would have been listening to us.
Timothy Sackton: He looks over at at
Timothy Sackton: we, at the, at, the General, at the woman.
Timothy Sackton: and and she nods.
Timothy Sackton: and he says he, like sort of throws back the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: for a minute you feel like the like all of the gods like back the way it normally is.
Timothy Sackton: and the General is like gritting her teeth.
Timothy Sackton: and he says quickly.
Mike Sackton: i'll do my thing, but i'm sure it's pointless. I'll take the opportunity to cast tongues, too, while i'm at it. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: throw us the cloak back.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you see nothing. Yeah. But, as you say? I? I suspect.
Mike Sackton: should he have been watching, it's too late for us to see where he would have dismissed the smell before I could see it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but he's not watching us now.
Mike Sackton: Bill, I assume there's nothing invisible there's nothing invisible, and it last for an hour. So yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he's not watching us now at least
Mike Sackton: correct.
Mike Sackton: and I can be sure, for the next hour at least, that he's not watching us
UU Church of Boulder: to sorry me again. What was the implication there that magic also does not work for only divine magic Only I divide my button dele with spells our divine.
Mike Sackton: even though tactically
UU Church of Boulder: from Dd. Perspective. It's where I walk, but they come from the ta she right they come
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so that again. So sorry if I if I misunderstood this part. So if the cloak is taken from them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or destroyed, what happens to their civilization? Nothing.
Mike Sackton: Well, I mean
Mike Sackton: they have all kinds of horrible morale problems, and they can never create new people of the rainbow, but nothing bad happens to
Mike Sackton: deep wall cake. The impression I got was that they're they're they're God. That is, their civilization ends in one generation
Mike Sackton: now, because because the ones that they they can't, they can't free any orcs
Mike Sackton: from
Mike Sackton: the ritual that changed. They can't make any chained orcs unchained.
Mike Sackton: But any of the
Mike Sackton: and who knows how long people like this general would last right because she was born, chained. and was freed. And so she'll probably go mad and start killing people if
Mike Sackton: the cloak vanishes right. And there's got to be some percentage of the people within there. Or maybe she'll so maybe she won't right, but it's hard to tell. Clearly. It was painful for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait, but but also weird right? So the cloak has like some range, and we actually know approximately what that range is, because we feel like, what what is the range time like? How far were we when we noticed. So I mean.
of course, this is a powerful artifact, and you can't presume.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure.
Timothy Sackton: it seems to shut down your divine magical abilities within a 100 feet or so.
Mike Sackton: Okay. But
Mike Sackton: I think what we can broadly assume is that these
Mike Sackton: works people the the people of the Rainbow, are
Mike Sackton: born.
Mike Sackton: run tainted by their god right?
Mike Sackton: So they're born free. So there, there's whatever this ritual that the chaining ritual is done to infants right?
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: if you're born here. you're probably fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is even more a reason, actually, that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we may want to take the like. Try to convince them to let us take the cloak now, so that their people aren't, slaughtered.
Mike Sackton: How would take taking the cloak would probably just make everything worse for them?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: then, garage would have no reason to come here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You mean, like literally take the but but I don't think they're
Mike Sackton: they're never going to let us destroy it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, at least get it out of here
UU Church of Boulder: that doesn't seem like the right thing to do to I wonder if instead, they would help us get the ring from garage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! What?
UU Church of Boulder: Well, if they help us get the ring from crash, I mean that
Mike Sackton: it seemed like the important thing was all of the items combined together. Right? Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: So if we can destroy the ring, then
Mike Sackton: also.
Mike Sackton: if Crash doesn't have the ring, presumably the Orcs stay dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But these are 2 several things. Of course we're trying to get the we we gave it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but just focusing on the code for a moment, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: our whole, our whole strategy here, our whole. The first question was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does removing the cloak and their society. Yeah, and it doesn't
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right.
Mike Sackton: But if they it sort of does right like it's like they can never free. It ends their hope of freeing the Orcs
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right. But i'm saying in the short term, Yes, while you there's this super powerful mages and undead army coming like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: getting the cloak out of here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: means likely that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Garage and Co. Are are not just gonna come here and just like wipe these guys out like they're They're after the cloak. They're not. They don't air per se. What about this? This civilization here? Right?
Mike Sackton: You're on mute Cape
Timothy Sackton: Kate. Hey? You and you're muted
Kate Sackton: Sorry, I think, that they would have thought of that, and, like they would have sent their own party of trained warriors to take the cloak
Kate Sackton: away from the children, so that the garage wouldn't attack the
Kate Sackton: civilization. It would be redirected to this, like smaller group of adventurers or something. But they don't have that
Kate Sackton: hope that anything but the full might of their armies can protect the cloak.
Mike Sackton: They're not going to test us to do it better than they can do with them. So I guess I'm just. I'm just saying like we should bring up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bring up to them like. If things go south like, let us let us take it and get it out of here, you know.
Mike Sackton: I just think it feels to me like if they're really the people of the rainbow who created the cloak originally, if it's actually theirs. To begin with. Yeah, it feels
Mike Sackton: presumptuous to claim that we could do a better job guarding it than them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it's not about garping it like forever. It's about like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we get them? How do we ensure that their people and their armies. Aren't slaughtered in the next 2 days, which is like very likely to happen if we go into combat with them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: does not feel likely we're gonna win right?
Mike Sackton: Well, it's hard to now.
Mike Sackton: I mean, they clearly have some abilities that are not totally evident from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm. I'm just saying if we if we?
Mike Sackton: Well, we let them decide. You know it's up to them, you know, like I I I think we'd offer. I think i'd rather offer the buying ship as a place of refuge if they want to flee
Mike Sackton: as opposed to that's great right. I think that's a better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's great. But just the point is. Just get the cloak out of here, you know, so that that their people can be spared. All right, let's let's talk about it. Let's talk about that with him
Mike Sackton: at I mean. So there go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the name of the chieftain again? Lubash goulash lubash. Thank you again for sharing these stories of your people. It's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: incredibly inspiring to learn of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your people, and how you've been able to thrive all of these years. Despite all of this, all of the threats that you've been under
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: learning more. It's clear that we are. We share this a little.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We would love
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to do whatever we can to defeat garage, to defeat a polyon. In short, the cloak can stay safely here and protected with your people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We also selfishly are concerned about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should a polyon succeed, and should garage succeed, then the next phase of this will be an attack on Dunmar, and we'll be attack on more cities, more
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: more
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: more innocent, killed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a way. or what are your thoughts on? How we can better best protect your people and the cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we will fight with you, we will do what we can to work with you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and contribute our energy, our light, our magic. However, we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as you saw, we also have a ship. We have the ability to move quickly, we can escape.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you open to other strategies and approaches to protect the cloak? Have you thought
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if the cloak were not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: near and within your city. Perhaps your people may be spared this army on. Is there a way? We can perhaps hide the cloak for a period of time, or bring some of your people with us, and hide the cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is there a way that we can go? Protect the cloak for your people, but also
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: grin them up, minimize the risk for slaughter.
Timothy Sackton: sort of closing his eyes.
And
Timothy Sackton: how would you know? Of course you don't understand just taking years and years
Timothy Sackton: of pacing the borders of these lands, tirelessly
Timothy Sackton: marking the territory
Timothy Sackton: to keep the eyes of the blood warrior demon off of us
Timothy Sackton: in the dark years before we had a home.
Timothy Sackton: We were hunted.
Timothy Sackton: the chained ones. Could
Timothy Sackton: the Blood demon knew where we were
Timothy Sackton: any
Timothy Sackton: stent. his servants after us all the time
Timothy Sackton: returning to that.
Timothy Sackton: Not something I would.
Timothy Sackton: It's not something I would consider, unless all hope is lost.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we stand with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Were prepared to fight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as you understand, we must prevent Rosh from obtaining this co-o at all costs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So let us know you wish
Timothy Sackton: to help.
Timothy Sackton: Tell me how to stop this teleportation you speak of.
UU Church of Boulder: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: I actually know. How do we.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, Can you dispel magic or
UU Church of Boulder: counterpell, or like what? What even mechanically is possible. There.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: in game. I don't think any of us know anything about teleportation other than that it's possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think
Mike Sackton: Seeker would maybe know
Timothy Sackton: I am less worried
Timothy Sackton: about Gosh's armies.
Timothy Sackton: and more worried now that you suggest the possibility about his assassins.
Timothy Sackton: we had not planned for such
Timothy Sackton: possibilities.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will you always have the cloak on your person is, Where is the place of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: maximum safety for you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How can we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: best protect you in this cloak?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What defenses you have prepared.
Timothy Sackton: I have my guards.
Timothy Sackton: but the palace has never been in danger.
Timothy Sackton: Our forces are all against the borders, our best warriors.
UU Church of Boulder: What if we care
Timothy Sackton: remains at my side to advise and protect me as needed.
Timothy Sackton: We have done everything we can to defend the border.
Mike Sackton: Would you consider taking residence on our ship
you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: until the battle is one.
Timothy Sackton: cannot.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Would you follow a king who fled the field of battle at the first sight of danger?
Mike Sackton: I did not mean to imply. Take residents on our ship and
Mike Sackton: Lee.
Kate Sackton: Shift your command center to our ship.
Kate Sackton: although
UU Church of Boulder: what is it? Is it fundamentally more safe there.
UU Church of Boulder: That team could get to the ship as easily as they could get to the palace, and they would have flying and visibility, and whatever else
Mike Sackton: I mean being up in the air, I think, is more safe. It can move.
Mike Sackton: It could be at the front line right? I mean. There's advantages to mobility. I mean. The only problem for us is that we really can't to have them take up residence in our ship, because we're all completely crippled when we're in a 100 feet of him.
Mike Sackton: Well, that's I also think about what what would we do like if brush was on the floating air like totally useless. No, but he cannot. He can.
Mike Sackton: He could unclose the clothes. Yeah, yeah, that so so we can. We can actually do stuff. But like
we're pretty useless.
Mike Sackton: Maybe 3 or 5 of us are pretty useless near him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is interesting, though right. I don't think I could even draw my sword. It would be very heavy. but it's an interesting question. You couldn't even summon it. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's it? It's an interesting question: Where is the best place for us to defend, because I I think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one approaches that you know we serve as his personal bodyguards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or that we're part of the palace
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guard, or whatever you know to fight off the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the covert assassin group. That's almost certainly going to come
Kate Sackton: Well, but but I have an under spell.
Kate Sackton: But
UU Church of Boulder: what if the best way to defend him against the assassin group is just by finding them and killing them.
UU Church of Boulder: Why wait for them to come here? Why don't we go hunting them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go, go, go to your headmos.
Mike Sackton: I mean. Can't say I haven't wanted to for a long time. Now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm i'm game for that.
UU Church of Boulder: We could track them with crying. Is that true?
Mike Sackton: We've been fairly successful at tracking them with scrying
Mike Sackton: back.
Timothy Sackton: I can just
Timothy Sackton: is clearly aware of your yeah crying every time it happens. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it feels
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: probably like staying near him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Protect him
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is going to be good.
Mike Sackton: but that's where mode mobility might be useful. I mean a flying command.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey! What's the deal with crying again? You can only describe people that you, you know.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if you yeah.
Mike Sackton: we're not telling. We're not saying this, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she could only try because we're here. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. But after he's trying to, if he strives the dude and he then scry him going forward.
Mike Sackton: Tim has not let me do that like multi-scribe. But I don't know. Maybe I can.
Mike Sackton: Whatever cadmos can do, I can do so. What the ruling is. No, that's not so scry.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no, you you get it and target anybody. But if you don't know them right.
Timothy Sackton: you have. Then they have a bonus to their save, so it's much harder to squeeze somebody that you've heard of
right.
Timothy Sackton: but like seeing somebody through scrying counts as hearing of them
Timothy Sackton: so he could attempt to scribe, but it doesn't count as meeting them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so they would. He would get a bonus to his stave. It would make it much harder for the fact that that if he scried us with him now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he can't scry him again with any new advantage than what he had before, because he knew who he was before. He knows who the Exactly. He went right right. He's still just heard of him. Yes, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then he'll know exactly where he is if we're like standing in the same room as him. Then Kaden was, can scry us, and then
Mike Sackton: it takes Cadmos a fair bit of cannabis is not, as far as we know, a war walk
Mike Sackton: right. I guess we don't know he didn't. No he cast.
Mike Sackton: He's not. He cast too many spouse. He's not a
Mike Sackton: now. The other Cassian did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but i'm sure he cast more spells than he
Mike Sackton: he didn't.
Mike Sackton: He cast a spell almost every like. He definitely cast more spells. Now i'm doubting myself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why does it matter? I'm into demon.
Mike Sackton: Why does it matter? Because it is a Fifth level spell. He could probably only do it once a day or twice a day.
Mike Sackton: It's very expensive. It's just
Mike Sackton: where walks get their spells back every hour, every short rest. So it's a lot cheaper. I see your warlock. Yeah, you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what's our best approach, then what should we do?
Timothy Sackton: So let me propose as it nears midnight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: this is not something you need to resolve tonight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool.
Timothy Sackton: because, as the conversation finishes up and you turn to talk to planning, there's a knock at the door, and
Timothy Sackton: another, like a group of Orcs comes in who clearly have an appointment and need to talk with the boss, and he says that he has to attend to other business.
Timothy Sackton: but that
Timothy Sackton: if you will dine with him
Timothy Sackton: he will discuss what to do next, and what appreciate. If you use the intervening hours
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to figure out how to stop these teleporting assassins you've now put in his mind
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool.
Timothy Sackton: and that is my will end. So we'll pick up planning and dinner next time.
Mike Sackton: I don't know how to. I mean met a game teleport only works to places that you've been.
Mike Sackton: Well, that it was good to have mentioned it, because now he's scared and wants us to protect him. So that is useful so conceptually if they're teleporting, using like the teleport spell.
Mike Sackton: It's got to be a place they've been. Which is why the Flying Castle is safer, because there's no way they would have even known about it.
UU Church of Boulder: But I actually worry less about teleport spell than like haste and invisibility, or flying and disability, or like they have any number of other ways to get
Timothy Sackton: right. At least an invisibility was how they tried to steal from you before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, we should really fucking good at stealing artifacts because they fucking stolen for us before
Mike Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: but it's a lot of spec. I mean it Tastes and visibility requires 2 casters right because you can't, which they have.
Kate Sackton: We do have 2 casters, I mean, we don't know what those other people are like. Just we should look very gastery.
Mike Sackton: Oh, the new group, I mean. The problem is like, if there's 8 of them, I don't think we can take them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We gotta to separate them. I just think we need to convince the we need to get the fuck out of here, because, like we're it's just like they're way. Too many powerful people on the other side of this equation, and we're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you many ways. This could go, but I really need to go to. Yeah. Okay, Good night, everybody. So there will be plenty. You can. You know you can text each other in between games, if not disallowed.
Kate Sackton: great everybody
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but.